A project to record medieval graffiti in churches across Norfolk has uncovered more than 1,000 examples of the art form.
A 12-year-old boy has been charged with murder after a Texas boy was set on fire in what police say was a "targeted attack".
A man has admitted his part in a plot to smuggle cocaine into the UK on a yacht.
Many musicians have expressed their shock and sadness after a lorry drove into a crowd in the French city of Nice, killing at least 84 people.
The 96 victims of the Hillsborough disaster have been honoured by Liverpool City Council on the 25th anniversary of the tragedy.
The British team for the 2017 World Championships in London has been announced by British Athletics.
Leigh Centurions have signed Australian prop Daniel Mortimer on a deal until the end of the season.
A Kenyan court has ordered 100 foreigners to be deported from the Somali capital, Mogadishu.
At least 100 people have died in floods and landslides across India, Nepal and Bangladesh.
Tiger Woods has dropped out of the world's top 100 for the first time since 1997.
Guernsey's volleyball players are disappointed their sport will miss out on the 2021 Island Games.
Luis Suarez will play for the Liverpool team in a charity match against Chelsea on 23 May.
At least 27 people have been killed and more than 80 injured in a train derailment in north Burma, officials say.
Facebook has been ordered to stop placing cookies on Belgian users' computers without their consent.
South Africa's Western Cape region has declared a state of disaster over a drought that has left some areas with only 25% of normal rainfall.
Shares in Glencore plunged another 10% on Monday, adding to the 30% fall in the past month.
The M1 will be closed for 72 hours in both directions at Northamptonshire's Crick motorway services.
A 14-year-old girl who suffered brain damage after a bowel obstruction was not diagnosed has been awarded £8m.
Harry Kane wants to play for England's Under-21s at the European Championships this summer, says manager Roy Hodgson.
Kent opener Rob Key has announced his retirement from cricket with immediate effect.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a 17-year-old boy who was dealing drugs in Cheltenham.
Pope Francis has called for justice for the victims of a bomb attack on a Jewish centre in Argentina in 1994.
Michael Phelps has confirmed this will be his final appearance at an Olympic Games.
A toddler who was blinded in one eye by a drone has warned others to be careful when flying them.
Guns N' Roses have been confirmed as the Sunday night headliners at Glastonbury 2017.
Wales women drew their final Euro 2017 qualifier against Austria in Vienna.
The world premiere of the first part of The Hobbit trilogy will take place in the New Zealand town of Wellington on 28 November.
The final instalment of The Hunger Games film series has become the UK's biggest-grossing film of 2014.
Police have re-opened an investigation into the murder of a man in west Belfast 15 years ago.
The Royal Bank of Scotland is to cut 443 jobs in the UK and move them to India.
The Honduran government has suspended eight of its consuls in the US, accusing them of issuing false documents to Hondurans living in the country.
India's government will present its first full-year budget on 28 July, the finance ministry has said.
The average cost of car insurance has risen by £120 in the past year, according to a comparison site.
A man has admitted being responsible for the death of a 21-day-old baby girl who was mauled by his dog.
Los Angeles has officially declared its intention to host the 2024 Summer Olympics.
The founder of a children's hospice in Wales has died aged 74.
A laundry firm has opened a £10m facility in North Lanarkshire, creating 100 jobs.
A theme park where a 11-year-old girl died after falling from a water ride will reopen on Saturday, its owners have said.
The last words spoken by the pilots of missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 were not "all right, good night", Malaysian officials have said.
Tyrone will face Derry in the opening round of the 2017 Ulster Senior Football Championship.
A Sheffield steel firm has won a £100m contract to build parts for the US Navy's new fleet of submarines.
A 70-year-old man has become the oldest Briton to reach the South Pole.
The number of people living with cancer in Scotland has increased by 50% in the last five years, according to a charity.
A man has been jailed for 10 years after being found guilty of sexually assaulting four girls over a 22-year period.
Sam Smith has scored a second UK number one album, just 10 days after his debut record topped the chart.
Former Glamorgan coach and commentator Jeffery Derrick has died at the age of 56.
Walsall made it three wins in a row as they came from behind to beat 10-man Peterborough.
The FA Cup fourth round is here, and we've got all the build-up you need.
The number of stray dogs put to sleep in Northern Ireland has fallen by 30% in the past year.
A woman was murdered by her ex-husband before her body was hidden in the garden of his brother's house, a court has heard.
A lost dog that had been missing for 12 days was rescued from a gorge by mountain rescue teams.
A woman who buried her husband in a garden without a formal funeral has been jailed for 12 months.
A man who breached an ASBO 1,000 times has been warned he could spend the rest of his life in prison.
India has signed a deal to buy 36 French Rafale fighter jets, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said.
The 1981 Oscar-winning film Chariots of Fire is to be re-released to mark the start of the London 2012 Olympics.
Shares in Yahoo jumped 10% after reports that Microsoft was considering a fresh bid for the internet company.
A Cuban passenger plane has crashed in central Cuba, killing at least 33 people.
The latest instalment in the Fast and Furious franchise has become the UK's number one film, just 10 days after The Great Gatsby took the top spot.
China has sent 227 ships into Japanese waters near disputed islands in the past month, Japan's coast guard says.
Five of the 28 people killed in a car and knife attack in China's Xinjiang region have been identified as Uighurs, state media say.
Taylor Swift has been accused of failing to pay an artist whose work she used on social media.
Sussex and England cricketer Matthew Hobden has died at the age of 21.
The barcode is 60 years old, but the QR code is the future, according to the organisation that oversees the technology.
A British racing driver who lost his legs in a crash has said he will be back racing as soon as he can.
A leading Scottish economic think tank is to be expanded with a £1m investment by the University of Strathclyde.
Ulster have been boosted by the news that Ruan Pienaar and Luke Marshall will be fit to face Cardiff Blues on Sunday.
Homes built on a new housing estate in York are up to 75cm out of place.
Producers of the new Harry Potter play have said they will refuse entry to anyone with tickets bought from touts.
Olympic champion Hannah Mills says she will try to qualify for Tokyo 2020 in a different class to the one she won gold in Rio.
A woman who auctioned off a cup used by Jeremy Corbyn at a rally has said she raised £51 for charity.
The mayor of London has the power to set fares on the Tube, buses and the Docklands Light Railway.
Long-serving Labour MP Graham Allen has announced he will stand down at the general election on 8 June.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher on Wednesday, with mining shares helping to drive the benchmark index.
A former soldier blinded in a bomb blast in Afghanistan has set his sights on competing at the 2016 Rio Olympics.
Haiti's government has announced it will recruit 500 soldiers to replace the 2,000 UN peacekeepers who are due to leave the country.
A 17-year-old boy has been jailed for 12 years for stabbing a man in the head with a kitchen knife.
Great Britain won three gold medals at the Rio Olympics, with Mo Farah and Greg Rutherford among the successful athletes.
A charity has criticised a private healthcare company for charging £1,000 for a week's work experience for school pupils.
Ireland have signed former Sri Lanka fast bowler Chaminda Vaas as a bowling consultant for their World Twenty20 campaign.
Liberia has reported its first case of Ebola since it was declared free of the disease in January.
A former scout leader has been jailed for 12 years for sexually abusing boys over a 40-year period.
A World War Two veteran who was a prisoner of war for three years has died aged 100.
Researchers have identified 39 people who are descended from Leonardo da Vinci's family.
More than 100 soldiers have been injured during training exercises at a military firing range in the past five years, it has been revealed.
A man who stabbed his father 26 times has been jailed for at least 20 years.
David Florence won the canoe slalom C2 world title in Prague to become the first Briton to do so since 1997.
A multi-academy trust has been criticised for failing to improve the performance of some of its schools.
Former Formula 1 driver Sir Stirling Moss has been discharged from hospital after being treated for a chest infection.
Lancashire Police is to cut 200 jobs and merge divisions as it tries to save a further £20m.
A 13-year-old girl has delivered her baby brother in the US state of North Carolina, with the help of a doctor.
A BBC Radio 4 arts programme that was facing the axe has been saved, the station has confirmed.
The 2016 Oscars were the least-watched ceremony in five years, according to Nielsen ratings.
Wales could face a "tough" World Cup in Japan in 2019 if they do not win their next two games, says Jonathan Davies.
US President Donald Trump has been greeted by protesters as he hosted a fundraiser at his hotel in Washington DC.
Hampshire's James Vince is well set on 52 not out as they ended day two of their County Championship match against Sussex on 116-4.
Great Britain's James Guy finished second in the men's 400m freestyle at the World Championships.
Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) has unveiled a prototype of a computer it says could store 160 terabytes of data.
Polling stations have opened across Scotland for the 2015 general election.
Plans to turn a busy Swansea city centre road into a pedestrianised area have been welcomed by some businesses.
A scientist who invented touch screen technology has left his £1m fortune to a charity - not his family - after he confused the British Isles with the UK.
Guinea is facing its biggest ever outbreak of Ebola, a medical charity has warned.
More than 40% of Scotland's beaches have been rated as having "poor" water quality for bathing.
At least 44 people have been killed by hornet stings in central China, local media report.
Treviso and Zebre could be expelled from the Pro12 if they fail to pay debts to other clubs.
A 23-year-old man has died in a crash on the A34 in Berkshire.
The number of people having bailiffs sent in to collect debts has risen by 40% in the last two years, according to a charity.
World indoor 60m bronze medallist Dwain Chambers has pulled out of the British team for the World Indoor Championships.
A 17-year-old girl was raped by two men at the same time, a court has heard.
The Scottish government has been criticised for its handling of a £10bn investment deal with China.
The average healthy person carries 400 genetic mutations that could cause disease, a study suggests.
A river swollen by rain from a cyclone has reached its highest level in 20 years in a central Queensland city.
A woman who stabbed her partner to death has been jailed for a minimum of 18 years.
Australian footballer Adam Goodes has been given an outpouring of support after announcing he would take a week off from the sport.
A family who were forced to flee their home when a sinkhole opened up in their road have returned for Christmas.
The number of people killed on Northern Ireland's roads in the first 10 days of 2014 has prompted a meeting with ministers.
Gloucestershire Police is to merge its six existing policing areas into one as part of a shake-up of the force.
More than 30 new pitches for gypsies and travellers will be created under a council's local plan.
Gas has been restored to more than 600 homes after a water leak flooded pipes in a Blaenau Gwent village.
Two senior Labour AMs, Gwenda Thomas and Gwenda Hart, are to stand down at the 2016 assembly election.
The rate of recovery in Scotland's private sector has slowed, according to a survey of more than 100 firms.
More than 20 shops in London have been prosecuted for selling knives to children during a test purchase operation.
DJ and producer Robert Miles has died at the age of 47.
Rescue workers in India are continuing to search for survivors after a building under construction collapsed, killing at least 29 people.
The names Jack and Emily were the most popular for babies born in Northern Ireland in 2014.
A 14-year-old girl found hanged at her home was not bullied, a coroner has ruled.
A £25m project to restore Canterbury Cathedral's 600-year-old roof has been given the go-ahead.
The number of new businesses being set up in Wales has fallen by 35% in the last five years, according to new figures.
A school has been criticised after sending home 20 girls for wearing skirts that were too short.
A stuntwoman who featured in Deadpool 2 has died aged 33 after a crash during filming.
A suicide bomber has killed at least 32 people in a busy market in north-western Afghanistan, officials say.
At least 30 people have died in Ghana after a bus and a truck collided, local officials say.
Scotland's Marc Warren has revealed he bought a £10 training aid to help him rediscover his form.
Ireland's second biggest bank, Allied Irish Banks (AIB), is to float about 25% of its shares on the stock market.
Ariana Grande has cancelled the rest of her world tour following the suicide bombing at her Manchester concert on Monday.
Valuation documents for 17 homes are missing after being left on a train, it has been revealed.
Hampden Park will host three games at Euro 2020, the Scottish FA has confirmed.
The former Irish minister Peter Barry has died at the age of 86.
The Philippines' former defence minister and senator Miriam Defensor Santiago has died aged 71.
A rail operator has apologised after engineering works overran, causing delays for thousands of commuters.
Fraudsters are increasingly using social media to steal people's identities, a report has warned.
Miles Jupp is to take over as the new host of Radio 4's The News Quiz.
More than 200 offenders under supervision in the community went on to commit serious crimes, figures show.
Polling stations have closed in Northern Ireland after a day of voting in the 2017 assembly election.
A care home for dementia patients is to close as part of a £10m savings plan by Southampton City Council.
Tapes of Bob Marley's live concerts have been restored and will be released on 30 May, his birthday.
Indian Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee has said the government supports the main demands of anti-corruption campaigner Anna Hazare.
Astronomers have spotted a black hole that has gone quiet, despite the furious star-formation activity going on around it.
School janitors in Glasgow are set to stage a 24-hour strike on 20 April in a dispute over payments for extra duties.
Scottish soul singer Jim Diamond has died at the age of 62.
Scotland has endured its wettest winter on record, according to the Met Office.
A black cab driver has been jailed for 12 years for a series of sex attacks on women who fell asleep in his taxi.
Rory McIlroy won the Deutsche Bank Championship by two strokes to end a 19-month victory drought on the PGA Tour.
Alastair Cook has resigned as England Test captain, ending a 55-match tenure in which he led his country in 41 Tests.
Joe Medicine Crow, a member of the US's Native American Crow tribe and the last surviving war chief, has died aged 97.
Manchester United have signed Southampton left-back Luke Shaw for a fee that could reach £36m.
A World War Two veteran who survived the atomic bomb that destroyed Nagasaki has died aged 97.
People will have to register individually to vote in elections from 2014, the government has announced.
The chief executive and chairman of 7-Eleven Australia have resigned amid allegations that some franchisees had been underpaying workers.
Irish folk group the Dubliners and singer-songwriter Don McLean are to be honoured at the BBC Radio 2 Folk Awards.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, helped by a better-than-expected survey of the UK services sector.
A church service for pets has been held in Dorset to remember animals that have died.
The number of people needing long-term care for dementia will treble by 2050, a report has warned.
The Africa Cup of Nations will be held every two years from 2019, the Confederation of African Football (Caf) has announced.
The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) has asked to take over the investigation of the proposed merger of mobile operators O2 and Three.
A Nottinghamshire man was charged £6,200 for a 20-minute visit to his wife's grave.
A Florida prosecutor who said she would not seek the death penalty in any case has had 21 murder cases reassigned to another state attorney.
A new tax collection body will be set up in Wales in 2018, the Welsh government has announced.
The US has agreed to buy 10 tonnes of heavy water from Iran, the first such purchase since 1978.
A 17-year-old girl found dead in a lake has been named by police.
Guernsey will not be able to compete in the mountain bike event at the 2019 Island Games in Gibraltar.
Valentine's Day is on 29 February this year.
A man has been charged with false imprisonment after a woman and a child were stabbed during a police raid.
A 17-year-old boy has been jailed for stabbing a man in west London.
More than 30 firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a popular student night out venue in Liverpool city centre.
Scotland striker Craig Leigh Watt hopes to force his way back into the national fold after a 12-month absence.
Sport climbing could be included in the 2020 Tokyo Olympics, the International Olympic Committee has confirmed.
Ten South Yorkshire Police officers are to be investigated over their handling of child sexual exploitation in Rotherham.
McLaren boss Ron Dennis says he is used to criticism after the team's recent lack of success.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone has said the new qualifying format for 2016 will be scrapped because the timing system cannot cope with it.
Liverpool have agreed a £29m deal to sign Brazil international striker Roberto Firmino from German side Hoffenheim.
A Harris Tweed manufacturer is to create 30 new jobs after securing funding for a new factory.
Ireland is holding a general election on Friday, with 40 constituencies electing 158 members of parliament.
The amount of junk email sent to people has fallen to its lowest level in 13 years, according to security firm Symantec.
Salford Red Devils will be without winger Niall Evalds for up to 12 weeks after a head injury.
Microsoft has removed the ability to download apps from the Windows Store on Windows 10 Home edition.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens has been named the best film at the MTV Movie Awards.
A fifth man has been charged in connection with the fatal shooting of a man on the M62 near Huddersfield.
A global campaign to end violence against women and girls has been launched by the world's largest girls' organisation.
A man who was cleared of rape has said he is "devastated" after being told he must tell police about any sexual activity.
Two people have been killed and at least 35 injured after a train travelling from New York to Florida hit a piece of construction equipment.
China has announced it will close its legal ivory market by the end of 2017.
A woman has denied murdering an 88-year-old woman in Fife by hitting her over the head with a rolling pin.
Two teenagers have been charged with the murders of a mother and daughter whose bodies were found at a house in Lincolnshire.
Woking ended a run of four straight National League defeats with victory at 10-man Eastleigh.
A 15-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with raping a girl in a park.
Karen Danczuk has said she wants to become an MP to help victims of sexual abuse.
The co-creator of The Simpsons, Sam Simon, has died at the age of 59.
Coldplay have announced the release date of their new album, A Head Full of Dreams.
The trial of an Irish man held in an Egyptian prison for more than two years has been postponed for the 18th time.
A 42-year-old man has been arrested after police discovered a cannabis factory in a West Lothian house.
Paul Hollywood has said he will make sure The Great British Bake Off stays the same when it moves to Channel 4.
Glamorgan's Aneurin Donald says the team are determined to keep their recent winning run going in all forms of the game.
The last flight of the iconic yellow Trislander G-Joey has taken off from Guernsey Airport.
A man who was cleared of rape has said he is homeless after a sexual risk order stopped him claiming benefits.
More than 40 firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a recycling plant in Newry.
A man has appeared in court charged with the kidnap of a Lurgan man who was shot dead 17 years ago.
More than 130 cases of a stomach bug have been reported across the South West of England, health officials have said.
Police in China have arrested 18 employees of Australian casino operator Crown Resorts, local media report.
Thailand will crack down on human trafficking in the south, the prime minister has said, after the discovery of mass graves there.
At least 14 people have been killed and several others left missing in China after Typhoon Soudelor made landfall.
A Welsh university has said 50 European students have withdrawn their applications to study there following the Brexit vote.
Sir Walter Scott was a fan of foraged food, according to a new festival celebrating wild food.
Michael Dunlop completed a clean sweep of victories at the Cookstown 100, with the Ballymoney man taking three wins on the day.
Valentino Rossi won the San Marino MotoGP to end a 13-month winless run and Honda's 100% record.
A gang of drug dealers who stabbed a man 15 times have been jailed for up to 15 years.
A new film version of the classic 1949 comedy Whisky Galore has been given a release date.
A high-speed rail link between Leeds and Manchester should stop in Bradford and York, a report has said.
Wales women were denied a second successive win in their Euro 2017 qualifying campaign as Israel scored a late equaliser.
A Scottish island is set to become the first to have 24-hour electricity generated by renewable energy.
The man who founded the self-declared micronation of Sealand has died aged 93.
The health minister has intervened in a dispute over funding for learning disability services in the west of Northern Ireland.
The remains of a chapel built by Richard III has been discovered, archaeologists have said.
Aldershot and York City played out a goalless draw in their National League encounter at the Recreation Ground.
Algeria have appointed former Granada coach Jose Antonio Alcaraz as their new coach until 2020.
A wedding dress that went missing after being sent to be dry cleaned has been found, the bride has said.
Callum Hawkins says he will be "over the moon" with a medal at the European Cross Country Championships.
A new steel processing plant in Caerphilly county is set to create 50 jobs.
West Ham United striker Andy Carroll could make his first appearance of the season against Newcastle on Saturday.
Hampshire have re-signed South African pace bowler Fidel Edwards for the 2017 season.
The 41st Ryder Cup is taking place from 30 September to 2 October.
Actor Clive Revill, who played Grand Moff Tarkin in Star Wars, has died aged 90.
A bus driver who killed 25 people in Taiwan in May had planned to commit suicide, prosecutors say.
Essex are on the brink of a first County Championship win of the season after taking a 47-run lead over Leicestershire.
A former patient of a Shropshire GP who died in 1999 has come forward to say he was sexually abused.
Harlequins have signed American rugby union player Psalm Wooching on a short-term contract until the end of June.
A one-year-old boy who fell 30ft (9m) from a balcony is being called a miracle by his doctors.
McLaren have parted company with president Jost Capito, who has been in charge of the company's Formula 1 team since September.
A 16-year-old boy says he has to spend 25 minutes editing his online profile pictures to remove his spots and double chin.
The UK car market grew for a sixth consecutive year in 2016, hitting a record high for the second year in a row.
China could play Germany's third-tier clubs in a series of friendly matches in 2017, according to the German Football League.
Germany is the EU's biggest economy and the engine of the eurozone.
A mother has admitted her 18-month-old daughter was "her responsibility" but denied killing her.
England Test captain Joe Root was dismissed for a duck as Yorkshire closed day one of their Championship match against Nottinghamshire 91 runs behind.
A truck bomb has killed at least 32 people in eastern Iraq, officials say.
The family of US comedian Joan Rivers has reached a settlement with two doctors and a clinic over her death in 2014, aged 81.
At least 34 people have been killed in an attack by Islamic State (IS) militants on the Iraqi city of Tikrit, officials say.
People born in the first decade of the 20th Century are healthier in their 90s than those born 10 years earlier, a study suggests.
Police are searching for a 72-year-old man who has gone missing from his home in Leith.
Ambulance staff sickness levels have fallen by almost 20% in a year, according to new figures.
A hacker who gave Islamic State access to the personal details of 1,351 US military personnel has pleaded guilty to a terrorism charge.
The death toll from landslides in western Japan has risen to 35, with more than 40 people still missing.
No doping tests have been carried out in the Spanish top flight since March 2016, says the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada).
Head coach Alan Solomons says Edinburgh have closed the gap on Glasgow Warriors in the Pro12.
A hospital trust has reported 22 cases of patients being lost to follow-up, three of whom died.
Morecambe have released 29-year-old midfielder Andrew Murphy, who has been out of action since 2013.
A Russian military helicopter has crashed in the Arctic region of Yamalo-Nenetsky, killing at least 19 people.
Steelworkers from across the UK are marching through London to demand the government protects the industry.
The poet John Agard has been awarded the 2012 Whitbread Award for poetry.
The Daily Mail has paid tribute to its former astrologer Jonathan Cainer, who has died aged 58.
Spanish rider Luis Maeso has confirmed he will make his return to the North West 200 in 2016.
A new DNA test could help identify a man murdered 85 years ago, a forensic scientist has said.
A man who was shot in the chest 13 years ago has died, prompting a fresh appeal for witnesses.
The number of births in Scotland rose last year, according to the National Records of Scotland.
A 19th Century hospital has been destroyed by fire.
Gareth Southgate is not the favourite to take over as England manager, BBC Sport understands.
Pensioners are being charged up to £2000 to withdraw their savings, according to a survey by the charity Citizens Advice.
45 Years has been shortlisted for six awards at the relaunched Evening Standard British Film Awards.
Three men have been convicted of child sex offences after a trial.
India and Pakistan have agreed to resume talks for the first time in 18 months.
Tram tracks dating back to 1898 have been discovered in Nottingham city centre.
A wind farm proposal that was rejected by a council has been approved by the environment minister.
Liverpool has submitted an expression of interest to host the 2022 Commonwealth Games.
An ambulance service is investigating claims call handlers were "exhausted" and "fell asleep" on the job.
North Korea has executed 15 senior officials in recent months, South Korea's spy agency has told lawmakers.
Manny Pacquiao will fight for the first time since losing to Floyd Mayweather in May 2015, according to his manager.
At least 10 people have died in flash floods in the Mauritian capital, Port Louis.
Olympic champion Nicola Adams will face Germany's Natasha Jonas in the women's flyweight quarter-finals at Rio 2016.
More than 150 cars are still missing after a parking firm went into liquidation.
Ireland were beaten by Bangladesh by 21 runs in their final warm-up match ahead of the ICC Women's World Twenty20.
A man has been charged with the murder of Sian O'Callaghan, the 28-year-old Swindon woman who went missing on 19 March.
A student nurse who has eight children has been accused of turning down 10 houses offered by a council.
The Democratic and Republican candidates are battling for delegates in the 50 US states and the capital, Washington DC.
A 999 ambulance service which has been heavily criticised for its response times is recruiting 200 more paramedics.
A band which was formed in Londonderry in 1856 has been marking the 100th anniversary of the Battle of the Somme.
An Indian man who had been in a Pakistani jail for 30 years has been freed and returned home.
The police ombudsman has received a complaint about the Royal Ulster Constabulary's handling of the Shankill bomb.
Brendon McCullum batted for the final time in Test cricket as New Zealand fought back on day four against Australia.
Bosnian Serbs have voted overwhelmingly in favour of marking the anniversary of their independence from Bosnia-Hercegovina.
A 12-year-old boy with a brain tumour who has refused surgery must be found, a High Court judge has ruled.
At least 30 Iranian nationals have been kidnapped in Afghanistan, Iranian media report.
A group of 150 medical experts is calling for the 2016 Rio Olympics to be postponed or moved over the Zika virus.
A fire at a former clothing factory in Leicester has caused damage to 35 cars and spread to a neighbouring building.
A council's school improvement service has been rated "inadequate" by Ofsted.
Hundreds of Rwandans have protested in the capital, Kigali, against the arrest of a senior military officer in the UK.
California has dropped a proposal to cut car emissions by 2030, after it failed to win enough support in the state legislature.
Ryanair has announced 14 new routes from Scotland for next summer, including seven from Glasgow International Airport.
Two French pilots who were serving jail sentences in the Dominican Republic for drug trafficking have escaped to France.
Women who have their tonsils or appendix removed before the age of 20 are more likely to have children, a study suggests.
Cardiff council has agreed to start talks with the UK government over a £1bn City Deal for the capital.
A man who was cleared of rape has criticised a police order which restricts his sexual activity.
(Close): The FTSE 100 fell back after opening higher, with shares in Sky the biggest loser.
US airline Delta is in talks to buy up to 125 of Bombardier's new C Series passenger jets.
A 24-hour strike on Merseyrail has begun, affecting 40 stations across Liverpool and beyond.
A Â£1m marketing campaign has been launched to promote Wales as a "land of legends" in 2017.
The world's oldest person, Misao Okawa, has died in Japan at the age of 117.
Yorkshire have signed New Zealand captain Kane Williamson as their overseas player for the 2016 season.
More than 1,000 firefighters are battling dozens of forest fires in northern Spain, which have destroyed more than 10,000 hectares (25,000 acres).
A group of 16 Welsh organisations is calling on the Welsh Government to sign a "climate deal" at the UN summit in Paris.
Super car maker McLaren is to create 250 new jobs as it ramps up production to meet demand.
Leinster ran in eight tries as they comfortably beat Zebre in the Pro12 at the RDS.
Ferguson Marine has been awarded a £1m grant to help it expand its shipbuilding operations on the Clyde.
Cardiff Blues head coach Danny Wilson praised his side's character after they came from behind to beat Edinburgh.
Formula 1 has signed a deal with Snapchat to provide video and photo content from races via the messaging app.
Glasgow Warriors have signed Super Rugby player Sean Maitland from the Highlanders on a three-year contract.
Former X Factor contestant Jake Quickenden has been forced to quit Channel 4's The Jump after fracturing his ankle.
Lionel Messi has fulfilled the dream of a young Afghan boy who became an internet sensation after wearing a homemade Messi shirt.
At least 10 people have been shot dead at a vigil in Chicago, Illinois, police say.
A Facebook feature that highlights the best moments of 2014 has been criticised by one user after it included a picture of his dead daughter.
Derbyshire took a firm grip on their Division Two match against Worcestershire after a dramatic third day at Derby.
Austrian prosecutors say they have charged two men with being accomplices of the Paris attackers who killed 130 people in November 2015.
A 15-year-old cellist has won the 2012 BBC Young Musician of the Year competition.
Artist Michael Rakowitz has won the 2016 Artes Mundi prize for his work on the theme of displacement.
British driver Jolyon Palmer will remain at Renault for the 2017 season.
The trial of an Irish man held in an Egyptian prison for more than two years has been adjourned for the 15th time.
A mining company has raised £1m to explore the potential of extracting lithium in Cornwall.
A fresh investigation into the murder of a Glasgow woman 11 years ago has been ordered by the Lord Advocate.
Haas have launched their 2017 car, the VF-17, which they hope will help them consolidate their impressive debut season.
The Scottish government has published a contract notice for the design of the next section of the A96 dualling project.
(Close): Mining shares weighed on the FTSE 100 after metals prices fell.
Drivers in the UK are more likely to hit traffic jams than those in any other European country, according to new research.
Video game actors in the US could walk out on 1 October after a 75% majority voted in favour of a strike.
A painting by Paul Gauguin is at risk of being sold abroad after 30 years in a UK museum.
S Club 7 have announced they will be touring the UK in 2015.
More than 600 bikes were stolen from cyclists in London in the past year, according to police figures.
Foreign ministers from 17 countries are meeting in Paris to discuss the situation in Iraq and Syria.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has pledged to invest £250m in Kent's coastal towns if he wins the 2020 general election.
More than 100 people were evacuated from a swimming pool in south-west London after a chemical mix-up.
Facebook has handed over data from 381 users to the US government, despite arguing that the request was unconstitutional.
Leicestershire have signed Ireland all-rounder Kevin O'Brien as their overseas player for this season's T20 Blast.
About 100 gay rights activists have marched in the Ukrainian capital, Kiev, for the first time in the country's history.
The man who bought BHS for £1 has been fined £1,000 for speeding.
Barnsley have confirmed the appointment of Paul Heckingbottom as their new head coach on a three-year contract.
The Welsh government is to press ahead with plans to merge councils into eight or nine unitary authorities.
A developer has bought a 19th Century building in Belfast city centre for £15m.
Daimler has launched an internal investigation into possible manipulation of emissions tests for diesel vehicles.
Pauline Hanson's One Nation party has secured five Senate seats in Australia's 1 July election.
Police investigating the disappearance of a girl 34 years ago have released an e-fit image of a man they want to trace.
Cynon Valley MP Ann Clwyd has announced she will stand for re-election in 2015.
More people are now killed around the coast of Scotland than in cycling accidents.
The 2016 Scottish Cup semi-finals will be played at Hampden on 16 April.
A man has become the first person to swim the length of the River Severn in 25 days.
Two 17-year-old boys have died after being found in the sea at a beauty spot in Cleveland.
South African police have arrested more than 700 African migrants and taken them to a detention centre.
Two Welsh scientists are to lead a £16m research project into dementia.
A 3D-printed prosthetic beak has been fitted to a turtle whose jaws were torn off in a shark attack.
A man who was sexually abused by an older man when he was 14 has spoken out about his ordeal.
Kent captain Charlotte Edwards has retired from cricket with the county, ending a 17-year association.
A museum is to mark the 450th anniversary of a castle where a murder plot said to have inspired Shakespeare's Hamlet took place.
The Davis Cup and Fed Cup finals will be combined into a new eight-day tournament in Geneva, Switzerland.
A police officer who was shot dead 25 years ago has been remembered at a memorial service.
Jameela Jamil is leaving the Official Chart Show on Radio 1 to travel the world.
The Home Office has agreed to release 30 more files relating to the 1984 miners' strike.
A 100-year-old man who competed in the 1948 Olympics has celebrated his birthday with a party.
A driver who reached speeds of up to 140mph on a dual carriageway has been given a suspended prison sentence.
A £12m office development in Wolverhampton has been put on hold because of a lack of interest from businesses.
More than 600 council workers were paid the wrong amount in their first pay packet since a new system was introduced.
Red Bull have taken up an option to keep Spaniard Carlos Sainz at their junior team Toro Rosso for 2017.
Two teeth belonging to King John will go on display in London for the first time in 200 years.
At least 20 people have been killed in a suicide attack on a dog-fighting competition in southern Afghanistan, officials say.
The University of Lincoln has been awarded £10m to develop a new health science centre.
Drake is on course to become the first artist to score 16 consecutive weeks at number one on the UK singles chart.
Samsung has unveiled a new version of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone, which was discontinued last year after reports of fires.
Former Frome Town manager Lee Bunyard has been banned for 18 months for breaching betting rules.
Edinburgh full-back Blair Kinghorn has signed a new contract that will keep him at the club until 2019.
John Lewis has appointed its first female managing director, Paula Nickolds, to lead the UK's biggest department store chain.
The Irish government has pardoned a man who was hanged for murder in 1942.
Snooker has launched a bid to be included in the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
Leicester Riders' captain and Great Britain legend Rob Sulllivan has announced his retirement at the age of 36.
Teachers have marched through a Powys town to protest against plans to close 10 of the county's 11 secondary schools.
Three men have been jailed for a total of 35 years for sexually abusing boys at a school in the 1960s and 1970s.
Celtic fans have paid tribute to a 13-year-old boy who died after collapsing while playing football.
A Nigerian man who became the world's oldest primary school pupil has died, aged 94.
Lancashire require 398 runs to beat Hampshire and avoid a third straight County Championship defeat.
A truck manufacturing plant in North Lanarkshire is to shed 65 jobs.
A 71-year-old woman was robbed by a man posing as a plumber, police have said.
A proposal by the European Commission to ease rules on clinical trials in the EU has been criticised by German doctors.
The Colombian government has called for an update on a US military investigation into allegations that US soldiers sexually abused Colombian girls.
A 14-year-old girl has been left "overwhelmed" after Prince William posed for a selfie with her.
A new £2m scheme to help people with mental health problems get involved in sport is being launched.
People who are moderately overweight have lower death rates than those who are normal weight, a study of 6,000 people suggests.
Shares in rare stamp dealer Stanley Gibbons fell 12% after it said it was considering a sale.
Troon Golf Club has voted to admit female members, ending the last men-only club on the Open rota.
Glamorgan beat Gloucestershire by 52 runs in the One-Day Cup to record their first win of the 2016 campaign.
Scarlets scored five tries to earn a bonus point in their Pro12 win over Leinster at Parc y Scarlets.
Sri Lanka have sacked fast bowler Lasith Malinga as captain of their Twenty20 side.
A man who killed a man in a one-punch attack has been jailed for 30 months.
Great Britain's Elinor Barker says she hopes to break the world record in the women's team pursuit at the 2016 Olympics in Rio.
A powerful typhoon has killed at least 47 people in the southern Philippines, officials say.
Up to 40 foreign sex workers are operating in pop-up brothels in Swindon, police have said.
Newcastle United manager Steve McClaren says the club will not sell their best players in the summer.
Gary Neville has said he will make changes to a £200m development in Manchester after it was criticised by conservationists.
A 23-year-old soldier from York has been killed in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has said.
Home Depot has revealed that hackers stole the email addresses of 53 million customers in a data breach in October.
The veteran Congolese opposition leader Etienne Tshisekedi has died in Belgium aged 84.
At least 25 people were injured on an Air Canada flight from Vancouver to Houston when it hit severe turbulence.
Glamorgan have extended the contract of batsman Jacques Rudolph until the end of the 2016 season.
The chief executive of a council at the centre of a £10m football funding scandal has resigned.
A hospital trust rated "inadequate" by inspectors has secured £20m to recruit more nurses and doctors.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed at a record for a 14th straight session, extending its record-breaking run.
A campaign to remind people to register to vote in the general election has been launched.
The NFL has announced the four games that will be played in London in 2018.
Ulster suffered a blow to their Pro12 play-off hopes as they lost to Scarlets at Parc y Scarlets.
A prisoner who stabbed three guards with a broken bottle has been awarded more than £800 in compensation for lost property.
Former world champion Amir Khan says he is investing in mixed martial arts because he believes the sport is "big and getting bigger".
A theatre which has been entertaining audiences for 150 years is celebrating its birthday with a special show.
A virtual version of Ben Nevis has been created for the popular smartphone game Ingress.
Scotland's Imogen Bankier has announced her retirement from international badminton at the age of 28.
Ireland suffered their heaviest ever one-day international defeat as Pakistan eased to a 255-run victory in the first match of their three-game series.
The prime minister has defended a 10% cut in the number of police officers in Wales since 2010.
The collapse of a £20m deal with China will not have a long-term impact on Scottish investment, a business expert has said.
Lancashire's hopes of staying in the County Championship were dented by Middlesex as they lost the first innings of their must-win match.
More than 90% of Volkswagen diesel car owners think fuel efficiency is important, a survey suggests.
A railway station in east London that closed 30 years ago has reopened.
Adam Peaty broke his own British record to win the 50m breaststroke at the British Swimming Championships in Sheffield.
A college is investigating after 20 students and staff were treated for breathing difficulties and watery eyes.
Girls around the world spend 40% more time on household chores than boys, a report by the UN children's fund (Unicef) has found.
A BBC radio presenter and his wife have been charged with 13 sexual offences against boys.
A 33-year-old man has appeared in court in the Irish Republic charged with the murder of a prison van driver in County Monaghan in 2012.
Calderdale Council is to invest £3m in a new flood recovery and resilience scheme.
A Welsh castle which has stood empty for 40 years has reopened to the public after a £10m restoration.
Scotland suffered a 96-run defeat by Pakistan in the second of their three-match one-day international series.
The number of missing children reports in Wales has risen by more than 20% in the past year, according to the latest police figures.
A service has been held to mark the 40th anniversary of a jet fighter crashing into a row of terraced houses, killing five people.
Worcestershire batsman Alex Gidman has been forced to retire from cricket at the age of 36.
More than 99% of drugs tested for Alzheimer's disease have failed in clinical trials, a study suggests.
A man who robbed a shop at knife-point has been jailed for three years.
About 150 people were evacuated from their homes after a gas leak in south-east London.
Southern rail staff are to be balloted for strike action in a dispute over working hours and conditions.
Phyllida Barlow has been chosen to represent Britain at the 2017 Venice Biennale.
Two British soldiers whose bodies were found in a mass grave in the Netherlands have been laid to rest with full military honours.
A 13th Century church in London and a Grade-I listed stately home in Yorkshire are among 202 historic sites added to a heritage register.
British weightlifter Emily Godley won gold in the -69kg category at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.
South African authorities have closed 52 schools in a Cape Town township because of gang violence.
A 22-year-old woman who has lived in Manchester since she was a baby has been given a reprieve from deportation.
A £100m development of a shopping centre in Northampton has been abandoned.
A shortage of radiologists in Northern Ireland is having a "severe" impact on the care of cancer patients, the BBC has learned.
Leinster captain Jonathan Sexton is in line to return from injury for their Pro12 game against Ulster on New Year's Day.
A list of 200 council-owned buildings and land could be sold off over the next four years, the county council has said.
A North Sea shipping firm has gone into administration, with 100% of its shares transferred to a new company.
A school that initially planned to let pupils leave early to watch Euro 2016 has reversed the decision.
A 90-year-old woman died after she was knocked over by a supermarket sliding door, an inquest has heard.
Warrington Wolves full-back Ben Hanbury has signed a new three-year contract with the Super League club.
A major diversion of the A8/M8 has begun as part of a £500m upgrade of the central Scotland motorway network.
A scheme to give parents £100 to spend on parenting classes has been taken off the government's website.
A 101-year-old woman has said she is too scared to return home after being mugged in Tottenham.
Fast food giant McDonald's has extended its sponsorship of the Olympics until 2020.
A tattoo artist who filmed women in the toilets of his shop has been jailed for 12 years.
At least 10 people were injured when a China Eastern Airlines flight encountered severe turbulence over the South China Sea, the airline says.
A steel fabrication company has gone into administration with the loss of more than 100 jobs.
Scotland were beaten by 20 runs in their second Twenty20 international against Hong Kong in Kowloon.
A 16-year-old boy who raped a girl and sexually assaulted another has been jailed for four years.
Shares in messaging app Snapchat's parent company Snap have priced at $17 in its initial public offering (IPO).
More than 100 patients are being asked to contact hospitals after it emerged their appointments had not been booked.
A book that was overdue at a County Down library for 83 years has been returned.
The US has deployed 90 paratroopers to Ukraine to train the country's national guard, the US military says.
Campaigners have sung protest songs outside a tree they fear will be felled in Sheffield.
A woman has been injured after being trapped under a double-decker bus which crashed in west London.
The UK is being battered by Storm Abigail, the first named storm of the winter season.
India and Bangladesh have signed a deal to end a 40-year territorial dispute over 162 "enclaves".
Ulster have ended their deal to sign South African flanker Arno Botha because of concerns over his injury record.
The billionaire owner of Indian mining company Vedanta has said he will invest $1bn in Anglo American shares.
At least 19 bodies have been found in two mass graves in Tripoli, Libya's capital.
A 300-year-old stately home described as the "grandest" in the UK is being put up for sale.
A proposed merger between mobile operators O2 and Three would reduce competition, Ofcom has said.
The cast of BBC comedy Goodness Gracious Me are to reunite for a one-off special to mark the show's 20th anniversary.
A town has celebrated the Queen's 90th birthday with a bun-throwing event.
The NHS is facing a financial crisis unless it gets an extra £2bn, a leading health think-tank has warned.
Africa has marked two years without a case of wild polio virus.
Formula 1 is set to have a new commercial agreement in place by the end of the month.
Mary Keitany became the first woman to win the New York City Marathon three times in a row.
John Menzies has agreed to buy US-based aviation services company Asig for $202m (£140m) in cash.
More than 100 gold items seized from a gang who smuggled the precious metal into the UK are being auctioned off.
The Scottish government has said it wants to see the contribution of field sports to the economy grow to £200m by 2020.
Personal data for 20 million O2 customers has been put up for sale on the dark net, the BBC has learned.
A Dundee family with 13 children is expecting its 14th member.
Tunisia's media landscape has changed dramatically since the 2011 revolution that ousted President Ben Ali.
Police Scotland has confirmed that 61 of its 67 police stations will have no public counter provision.
Natalia Coyle has won the Christmas special of BBC One's Strictly Come Dancing.
More than 300 jobs have been saved after a steel tube business was bought out of administration.
A conman who pretended to be a Mercedes-Benz executive has been jailed for 32 months.
Formula 1 team bosses have welcomed the sport's new owners Liberty Media as a positive force for the future.
The Central African Republic is one of the most dangerous places in the world for women.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a 24-year-old teacher found dead in a hotel room.
Former England goalkeeper Peter Shilton believes Wayne Rooney should retire from international football after the 2018 World Cup.
A message in a bottle sent across the Atlantic Ocean by a six-year-old boy has been found 22 years later.
A man has died after being hit by a car on the A78 near Kilmarnock.
Wicketkeeper-batsman Adam Donald has expressed confidence over security arrangements for the Under-19 World Cup in Bangladesh.
Chinese tech giant Lenovo has reported a 23% rise in second-quarter profit, as it expands beyond the PC market.
Southampton ended Manchester United's 17-match home unbeaten run in the Premier League with a deserved victory at Old Trafford.
A couple who lost £500 when a wedding venue went bust have said they are "paranoid" about planning anything in future.
President Donald Trump has thanked Russian President Vladimir Putin for expelling 755 US diplomats from Russia.
A 15-year-old girl has reported being sexually assaulted in a park in Rochdale.
Derby County have re-signed John Peacock as their head of youth development.
The number of people using public transport in Scotland has fallen by 6% in the last decade, according to a new report.
A war memorial to 108 victims of a munitions factory explosion has been given a Grade II listing.
The man who created 4chan - a site that has become synonymous with online trolling - has joined Google.
London schools face a £360m funding black hole if the government's new school funding formula goes ahead, a report has claimed.
Nico Rosberg has been stripped of his second place at the Spanish Grand Prix after being penalised 25 seconds.
Microsoft has announced that Windows 10 will be available as a free upgrade for owners of Windows 7 and Windows 8.
Austria is to bring in a total ban on smoking in restaurants, cafes and bars by 2018.
The number of people applying to university in England has fallen by 6%, according to admissions body Ucas.
A "unique" Roman burial has been uncovered in a Hertfordshire field.
More than 100 people have been involved in a search for a missing doctor who has been missing for three days.
Housebuilding in the UK fell in the final three months of 2014, official figures have shown.
Nigel Farage has missed the first Question Time of the general election campaign after being stuck in traffic on the A1.
Nicole Kidman has said she still feels like a 21-year-old actress, despite having a career spanning more than three decades.
At least 100 people have been injured after a train crashed at a New York City station, officials say.
Young people should be forced to vote, a think tank has said, warning that a "distinctive non-voting population" was undermining democracy.
The fiancee of murdered British backpacker Peter Falconio has said she is prepared to kill to find his body.
A 22-year-old man has become the youngest councillor in Liverpool after winning a seat in the city's biggest by-election for 50 years.
Asian markets have closed higher, with Australia's S&P/ASX 200 surging more than 2% in early trading.
The Malaysian government has settled a lawsuit brought by the family of a passenger on board missing flight MH370.
A 90-year-old veteran has received a medal to mark his service on the Arctic convoys during World War Two.
A database of personal information on employees of US companies and government departments has been leaked online, a security researcher has found.
Former Birmingham City manager and player Barry Goodwin has died at the age of 80.
The American musician and broadcaster Arthur Smith has died aged 93.
A police force has been criticised for using "ploddledegook" in a recruitment advert for a new chief constable.
A woman was left "really shaken" when she found a 4ft-long snake in a drawer in her kitchen.
Two Irish Guardsmen have been killed in an explosion in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has said.
A cat has been found in the back of a van 200 miles away from where it is thought to have boarded.
(Close): The Dow Jones fell on Thursday after shares in media companies dropped following disappointing results from Disney.
Tomás Borge, one of the founders of Nicaragua's Sandinista movement, has died aged 80.
A loch that was created when a road was flooded in the 1960s has been revealed by low water levels.
A school bus carrying 26 children has become stranded in flood water in North Yorkshire.
Formula 1 world champion Lewis Hamilton will not face action after he was filmed riding a motorbike without a helmet.
England have left over-200 capped player and captain Crista Cullen out of their 18-woman squad for the World Cup in Holland.
The sister of a woman whose body has never been found has said she is "hopeful" after three men were arrested on suspicion of murder.
A woman has admitted defrauding two pension schemes by pretending her mother was still alive for more than 20 years.
Plans to improve a notorious stretch of the A9 in Caithness have been published.
Brazil's Senate has approved a constitutional amendment that caps public spending for the next 20 years.
West Brom have rejected a £15m offer from Tottenham for striker Saido Berahino.
A 57-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a police officer who went missing in London in April.
Vicky Holland and Helen Jenkins will battle for Britain's third Olympic triathlon place at the penultimate World Series event of the season.
GCHQ is to host 10 summer schools to help students develop their cybersecurity skills.
Ivory Coast will receive a record amount of money from the government to prepare for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations.
A fire service is facing a £1.5m budget cut and could close two stations.
Two poems by JRR Tolkien have been discovered in a school magazine 80 years after they were published.
The craft beer industry is booming in Wales, with no sign of the trend slowing down, according to industry leaders.
People over 75 gain little from taking drugs to control their type-2 diabetes, a study has suggested.
Tyson Fury has been named the 2015 Ring magazine fighter of the year.
Oil services group Wood Group has reported a 16% fall in revenues in the first half of 2016.
A council is to ask the public to help it persuade the Welsh government to reduce the scale of £21m of cuts.
Steven Adams is the man of the moment in the NBA play-offs.
HP has cancelled orders for laptops sold for as little as £2 after a pricing error on its website.
A man armed with a knife has killed one woman and wounded six other people in a supermarket in Hamburg, German police say.
Boris Johnson has said that the UK sends £350m a week to the EU.
At least 111 people have been killed in a crane collapse at the Grand Mosque in Saudi Arabia's holy city of Mecca, officials say.
The cost of a new £745m Aberdeen bypass has risen by more than £300m, the Scottish government has confirmed.
A £1m fund to help police officers suffering from post traumatic stress disorder has been announced by a police union.
A convicted burglar who escaped from prison 32 years ago has been caught.
Malaysian police have arrested 121 suspected illegal immigrants in a series of raids, officials say.
A £25m write-off of debt owed by the Guernsey airline Aurigny is being proposed by the Treasury and Resources Department.
Frank Bruno's promoter Eddie Hearn says the 52-year-old should not return to the ring.
Leicester City's chances of winning the Premier League were rated as worse than those of a horse winning the Grand National.
Australia have named an unchanged starting XV for their World Cup Pool A match against England at Twickenham on Saturday.
The personal details of 1,500 vulnerable adults in Gloucestershire have been posted online, it has emerged.
One of India's most famous tigers has died at the age of 19, park officials say.
Hibernian have signed Celtic midfielder Kris Commons on a short-term loan deal until 3 January.
The number of child sex abuse allegations in football has risen by 25% in the past three months, police have said.
Drivers in London will be held responsible for littering from their vehicles, even if they were not the ones who dropped the rubbish.
A 94-year-old former guard at the Auschwitz death camp has died before his trial could begin.
A warning has been issued about the dangers of people trying to deal with pest problems themselves after councils stopped providing a free service.
Tottenham were held to a draw by Fiorentina in their first Europa League last-32 tie.
The Harrogate International Festivals is celebrating its 50th anniversary with a £1m appeal.
Two of Blackpool's three piers have been sold for an undisclosed sum.
A service has been held in Birmingham to mark the 40th anniversary of the city's IRA bombings.
A woman has died after a crash involving a motorbike and a pick-up truck on the A90 near Forfar.
At least four people have been killed and hundreds of buildings destroyed by wildfires in the US state of Tennessee.
A beacon has been lit on Snowdon to mark the Queen's 90th birthday.
Durham maintained their 100% record in the One-Day Cup with a 11-run win over Leicestershire at Southport.
A Turkish journalist who was one of 42 people named by prosecutors as being part of the 15 July coup attempt has said he is "not surprised" by the accusation.
The Okura Hotel in Tokyo is to close after 50 years to make way for a new hotel.
The Duchess of Cambridge has marked the 150th anniversary of the Anglo-Luxembourg treaty with a visit to the Grand Duchy.
A Typhoon fighter jet has been unveiled to mark the 75th anniversary of the Battle of Britain.
Ten of the world's biggest oil and gas producers have pledged to work towards a future in which the world's temperature does not rise by more than 2C.
Two men who stole £1,000 worth of sex toys from a Belfast shop have been given suspended prison sentences.
Veterans and their families have been marking the 70th anniversary of the end of World War Two in the Far East.
Lancashire beat Durham by 10 runs to end a run of four successive defeats in all competitions.
A new railway station is to open in 2017, the government has confirmed.
A UN tribunal has ruled that a Rwandan genocide suspect should be transferred to Rwanda to finish his trial.
Scotland's devolved tax authority has collected £572m in its first full year of operation.
Last week, the mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said he was "deeply concerned" about the levels of air pollution in the capital.
A £16m package of improvements to Hull's transport and cultural infrastructure has been approved by the city council.
A county council is in talks to hand over a 17th Century stately home to the National Trust.
A 300-year-old bridge in the Highlands is to be celebrated with a series of events.
A Russian Mi-28N Night Hunter attack helicopter has crashed during an air show, killing one pilot.
The BBC has announced it will provide 24 dedicated Olympic channels for viewers to watch the 2012 Games.
A new motorway layout which sees all three lanes used for traffic is being introduced on the M6.
Police have arrested 19 men following disturbances at Hampden Park during the Scottish Cup semi-final between Rangers and Celtic.
A coach driver has been praised after he stopped to help a bus carrying 60 children after it caught fire on the M6.
Tube drivers are to stage three 24-hour strikes in a long-running dispute over plans to introduce a Night Tube service.
England batsman Ian Bell has signed a new contract to remain at Warwickshire until 2019.
Republican Senator Lindsey Graham has announced he is running for president in 2016.
A construction company which has been in operation for more than 200 years is to close one of its sites in Monmouthshire.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says he cannot recreate the pressure of a penalty shoot-out in training.
Venezuela's opposition leader Henrique Capriles has been banned from leaving the country for 15 years.
Japan's benchmark Nikkei index closed up more than 1% as investors focused on the prospect of higher interest rates in the US.
Warwickshire have signed New Zealand all-rounder Grant Elliott as their overseas player for the T20 Blast.
Larry the Downing Street cat is "very popular" with staff, Number 10 has insisted, despite claims he is a PR stunt.
Wales midfielder Joe Ledley is a doubt for the opening game of Euro 2016 against Slovakia.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino has signed a new contract that will keep him at the club until 2021.
The Bank of England has announced that the new £5 note will be made from plastic.
Campaigners are calling for a petition to be set up to try to stop a 25% rise in bus passes for schoolchildren.
Aberdeen-based Inver House has secured a £40m loan facility to help it expand its whisky business.
Swansea City have made a £10m bid for Chievo Verona striker Alberto Paloschi.
Gregor Townsend will replace Vern Cotter as Scotland head coach after the 2017 Six Nations Championship.
Former 125cc Grand Prix rider Jeremy Saiger topped the timesheets on the opening night of practice for the 2016 Isle of Man TT.
Radio 1 has appointed its youngest ever presenter, with Cel Spellman taking over the Official Chart Show from 15 July.
Nine pupils have been taken to hospital after taking an unknown substance at school.
A 10-year-old boy died after paramedics were told to take him 18 miles to hospital, the BBC has learned.
A former Labour MP has said he will vote against plans for a £88m HS2 station in his home city.
The number of people killed in fires in Scotland has fallen to its lowest level since 1993, according to new figures.
The former Ulster GAA president Danny Murphy has died at the age of 67.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle have appointed former Hearts manager John Robertson as their new manager.
Fly-tippers have dumped more than 20 tonnes of waste on a railway embankment in Shropshire.
West Ham have accepted a bid of about £25m from French side Marseille for midfielder Dimitri Payet.
Former TV-am presenter Mike Morris has died aged 68 after a long battle with cancer.
The roof of Cardiff's Principality Stadium will be closed for the 2017 Champions League final, the Football Association of Wales has confirmed.
Water companies have gained £800m from lower financing costs since 2010, a spending watchdog has said.
St Mirren have appointed Jim Rae as their new manager on a deal until the summer of 2017.
Liverpool is to get three new football hubs as part of a £17m investment in the city's grassroots football.
Amateur boxers in England have been left "dismayed" by plans to allow professional fighters to compete at the 2016 Olympics.
The apple harvest is well under way in County Armagh.
The death of a second member of the famous Geldof family has been the most searched-for term of 2014, according to Bing.
Two golfers have scored hole-in-ones at the same hole - the first time it has happened in 20 years.
The Duke of Rutland has been banned from driving after admitting four speeding offences.
A 12-year-old boy has been stabbed to death at a school in Aberdeen.
Former New Zealand rugby player Sione Lauaki has died aged 37.
Six people have been arrested in London on suspicion of terrorism offences, police have said.
Wolves head coach Walter Zenga has left the Championship club by mutual consent.
A 15-year-old girl was allegedly raped on camera in Chicago and the footage streamed live on Facebook.
Police in four countries have arrested 15 people suspected of being members of the Anonymous hacking group.
Scientists have identified 18 viruses that could cause the next pandemic, according to a study by the University of Edinburgh.
A couple who won the biggest ever National Lottery prize have been revealed.
About 50 workers at a quarry on the west coast of Scotland are facing redundancy, according to their union.
Facebook, Twitter and YouTube have agreed to remove hate speech within 24 hours of it being reported to them.
Kent have released West Indies all-rounder Darren Sammy from his contract with the club with immediate effect.
Manx rider Cameron Donald will be joined by fellow Australian Michael Dunlop in the Norton team at the 2017 Isle of Man TT.
A development of 268 flats in Ipswich has stood empty for more than three years.
Shares in Unilever rose after the company reported a 9.3% rise in third-quarter sales.
The UK's current account deficit is the biggest in the G7 group of rich nations.
A former NHS chairman who claimed he had a PhD and a string of other qualifications has been jailed for 15 months.
Paul di Resta will be the reserve driver for the Williams team in 2017.
The family of a man murdered in west Belfast 25 years ago have met police to discuss the case.
A dog was shot by burglars who broke into a house in the Black Country, police have said.
Two global entertainment companies have been chosen to run a £91m arena in Bristol.
Spain's unemployment rate fell to its lowest level in more than four years in the final three months of 2015.
Principality Building Society has reported a 9% fall in annual profits.
A 24-year-old man has been shot in both hands at a wedding in Londonderry.
Toto Wolff has sold his remaining 5% stake in the Williams Formula 1 team to a new shareholder.
Marcus Trescothick has announced his retirement from cricket with a 100th first-class century for Somerset.
More than 13 million children in the Middle East are not in school because of the region's conflicts, the UN says.
Labour's Diane Abbott has revealed she has type 2 diabetes and it affected her performance during the general election campaign.
A 10-year-old boy was knocked to the ground by London Mayor Boris Johnson while playing rugby in Japan.
A realistic model of a human torso has been created using 3D printing techniques.
Two Belgian police officers have been detained in France after they drove across the border with 13 migrants.
A Northern Ireland couple who were married just a week ago have died in a suspected drowning incident while on honeymoon in South Africa.
People taking anti-depressants may be 20% more likely to develop type 2 diabetes, say researchers.
The first of 1,140 new trains for the Thameslink network has arrived in the UK.
Scotland wing Lee Lamont says he is not thinking about breaking the record of 85 Test appearances held by former team-mate Simon Paterson.
The UK's vote on whether to remain in the European Union has sparked a debate about the number of EU citizens living in the UK.
The cost of holiday childcare in Wales has risen by more than 70% in a year, according to a report.
A lawyer has been jailed for 12 months after admitting he cheated the train system by claiming his journey began at a station 10 miles away.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, with mining shares helping to offset falls in commodity-related stocks.
Glamorgan will be "pretty dangerous" in their One-Day Cup quarter-final against Yorkshire, says former Australia bowler Shaun Tait.
A £10m project to restore Gloucester Cathedral has been unveiled.
Striker Nile Ranger has been released from prison after serving a 18-week sentence for fraud.
Council tax in Norfolk is set to rise by 3.99% from April, the county council has confirmed.
(Close): The S&P 500 and Nasdaq both fell, while the Dow Jones closed at a record high.
The Northern Ireland Executive is to invest £7m in Londonderry's City of Derry Airport.
The number of people being evicted from their homes in England and Wales has reached its highest level since 2007.
The maximum fine for dropping litter from a vehicle is to be increased to £150, the BBC understands.
A 250-year-old tree which is at risk from the HS2 rail link has been named England's Tree of the Year.
A man who has volunteered for 47 years on a remote Scottish island has been named Britain's hardest-working man.
The bodies of 12 boys have been found in a river in Honduras, a country with one of the highest murder rates in the world.
A man who admitted possessing and distributing the worst child pornography images an expert had ever seen has been jailed for 20 months.
Jordan Spieth set the early pace at the Tournament of Champions with a six-under-par second round of 65.
Sales of the Raspberry Pi computer have passed the five million mark, its manufacturer has announced.
The 90th birthday celebration for the Queen has sold out within hours of tickets going on sale.
Angelo Romero birdied the last to win the BMW International Open by a shot, with England's Richard Bland second.
A business group has called for the Scottish government to speed up work to improve a dangerous stretch of the A9.
The UK economy has had its weakest start to a year since 2013, according to the Confederation of British Industry (CBI).
The 17th Inverness Film Festival is to showcase a range of films from around the world.
A netball and football coach from Torfaen has been named the BBC Wales Unsung Hero for 2016.
Aidy Boothroyd has been appointed England Under-20 manager on a deal until 2020.
The search area for the missing Malaysia Airlines plane has not changed, despite new information on its possible flight path, Australia says.
Football fans have been left frustrated after the official Euro 2016 app was launched without Wales on it.
Hal Robson-Kanu is confident he will be fit for Wales' Euro 2016 campaign in France this summer.
A 23-year-old student was murdered by two men who beat her with a coral fragment, an inquest has heard.
Ireland fly-half Johnny Sexton is "confident" he will be fit for their Six Nations match against Scotland on 11 March.
A driving test examiner who passed on details of test candidates to people who wanted to cheat has been given a 240-hour community service order.
Scotland has hosted the 13th Homeless World Cup in Glasgow's George Square.
Linfield maintained their 100% start to the season by coming from behind to beat Coleraine at the Showgrounds.
A Labour MP has said lowering the voting age to 16 would make young people more vulnerable to sexual abuse.
The pub made famous by the 1986 film Crocodile Dundee is up for sale.
David Dimbleby will front his 10th and final BBC election night coverage on 8 June.
A South African girl who was the first black person in the world to be diagnosed with Hutchinson-Gilford Proger Syndrome has died aged 18.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been showing off his skills on the pitch for Manchester United.
Former Scotland manager Craig Brown believes Wales have a "very good chance" of reaching the Euro 2016 quarter-finals.
The DJ who was the first voice on Radio 1 has marked 50 years on the airwaves.
The German Grand Prix is in danger of becoming a race without a future.
A coach driver has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a crash on the M1 in Bedfordshire.
Plans for a former biscuit factory site in Bristol are to be revealed at a public meeting on Friday.
The average mileage covered by cars and vans in the UK has fallen to its lowest level since 2002, according to the Department for Transport.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson has signed a new contract with the Championship club until 2022.
A 72-year-old man has died after a fire at a block of flats in Dartford.
McLaren reserve driver Lando Norris set the second fastest time on the opening day of a two-day F1 test in Hungary.
Liverpool were the second highest earners from the Uefa revenue share for Euro 2016.
The family of a woman murdered 20 years ago have made a fresh appeal for information.
A 16-year-old Kansas high school football player has died after collapsing on the field during a game.
A former Scottish sprinter has claimed that the late Scotland rugby international Gavin Hastings was aware of drug use in sport.
About 180 RAF personnel are to be transferred to other bases in the UK as part of a restructuring of the service.
A wedding dress that went missing from a dry cleaners has been returned to the family 10 months after it was sent for cleaning.
A former soldier who served in the Army for 12 years has been told he must leave the UK within 60 days.
Wasps have raised £60m from a bond issue to help pay off debts and fund the club's future.
Six-time major winner Nick Faldo says he would like to compete in the 2014 Irish Open at Lough Erne.
Manager Chris Coleman says Wales' 2018 World Cup qualifying group is "positive" despite the absence of Germany and Spain.
France striker Karim Benzema has been cleared to return to international duty after a court lifted some restrictions on him.
A campaign to reduce the number of coastal drownings in Scotland is being launched on Friday.
A man has died after being hit by a lorry on the A27 in West Sussex.
Channel 4 has announced it is closing its YouTube channel, which has more than 1.5 million subscribers.
The Royal Navy's HMS Bulwark is heading towards the Mediterranean to join the EU's migrant rescue mission.
The Commonwealth Games will be held in Glasgow for the first time in 84 years.
The bestselling crime writer Ruth Rendell has died aged 87.
Overtime spending by Welsh police forces has risen by 40% in the last year, figures obtained by the BBC have revealed.
England manager Roy Hodgson says he has chosen to take an extra attacker to Euro 2016 rather than a midfielder.
Northern Ireland Under-21s have appointed Ian Baraclough as their new manager.
The future independence of STV is likely to be the main topic of discussion in the television industry following reports that UTV is to be taken over by ITV.
Police have re-opened an investigation into the murder of a woman in north Belfast 29 years ago.
A couple who had been married for 63 years have died within hours of each other.
Olympic taekwondo champion Jade Jones says she will be going to the 2016 Games in Rio determined to win gold.
The number of GP surgeries in Northern Ireland has fallen by 4% in the past 10 years, figures have shown.
The chief executive of Marks and Spencer, Marc Bolland, was paid a total of £2.75m in 2016, the company has revealed.
(Close): Mining shares helped to lift the FTSE 100 to its highest close since August 2015.
Adam Peaty won the 100m breaststroke gold at the European Aquatics Championships in London to set a new championship record.
Former Dundee United defender Frank Kopel has died at the age of 64.
Phil Taylor will bid for a 17th World Matchplay title when he faces Peter Wright in Sunday's final.
Microsoft has changed the design of a pop-up box that warns Windows 7 and 8.1 users that their operating system will be upgraded to Windows 10.
Harlequins have signed Wales centre Jamie Roberts from French Top 14 side Racing 92.
Kim Dotcom has said he will relaunch the Megaupload file-sharing service on 20 January.
A 26-year-old woman has been arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender after a teenager was stabbed to death.
The Scottish Championship, League One and League Two fixtures for the 2016-17 season have been announced.
More than 200 Action Man fans have gathered to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the iconic toy.
Bristol's latest Banksy mural has been defaced less than 48 hours after it was painted.
The Nigerian military says it has killed more than 200 Boko Haram militants in the past week.
Fewer than 400 people have applied for loans to help pay for their adult apprenticeships, according to official figures.
Andy Rose scored 20 seconds after coming on to help Coventry beat 10-man Bradford and end a run of three straight defeats.
Turkish voters will go to the polls on 1 November, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has announced.
A Scottish banknote has been shortlisted for a global award for the best banknote of 2015.
Worcestershire will be without injured Australian pace bowler John Hastings for the rest of the 2017 season.
West Ham have had a £25m bid rejected for Sporting Lisbon midfielder Joao Mario.
Fly-tipping has reached a 10-year high, according to new figures.
Lloyds Banking Group is to close 23 Bank of Scotland branches across Scotland.
Grand Theft Auto 5 has been named the best game of 2013 at the Golden Joystick Awards.
A 22-year-old man who stowed away on a private jet from Vienna to London has been released without charge.
BP has said it will consider its options after a US judge rejected its request to suspend payments to businesses and individuals affected by the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill.
A memorial to the 38 British victims of the Tunisia terror attacks is to be built in Birmingham.
York Minster is to host a new production of the city's famous Mystery Plays.
A Japanese space telescope that only managed a 100-day mission has yielded important data about the universe.
Apple has offered to clarify its advertising of the new iPad in Australia after a consumer watchdog launched legal action.
(Close): The US stock market closed little changed after data showed the economy grew at a faster pace than previously thought in the fourth quarter of 2016.
Italian police have seized 781 shotguns in the port of Trieste, saying they were being smuggled into Europe.
Inmates of a Nazi concentration camp in Germany have been marking the 70th anniversary of its liberation.
More than 100 environmental activists were killed last year, a rights group has said.
At least 35 people have been killed in an attack by Islamic State (IS) militants on two villages in western Syria, monitors say.
A 13-year-old boy has died after being injured while playing rugby league.
Three cranes have been spotted taking flight for the first time in Somerset in more than 400 years.
Chapecoense have won their first game since the plane crash that killed most of the team on 29 November.
The parents of three Australian children killed in the MH17 air disaster have welcomed the birth of a daughter.
The Thai military has released 200 people detained since the 22 May coup, a spokesman has said.
Spider-Man is joining the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Police have found no evidence of "systematic" child sexual exploitation in Leicestershire over the past 20 years.
The inquests into the deaths of 21 people in the Birmingham pub bombings are to be reopened, a coroner has said.
The Mayor of London has led tributes to the victims of the 7 July 2005 terror attacks.
More than 100 firefighters have tackled a blaze at a block of flats in west London.
The first of a new type of electricity pylon has been erected in a field in Kent.
A biscuit factory in Wirral is to close with the loss of 342 jobs, the company has announced.
A £1bn tidal barrage could be built on Morecambe Bay, creating 1,000 jobs, it has been announced.
At least 10 people have been killed in two car bomb attacks on police in south-eastern Turkey, officials say.
Nationwide has reported record mortgage lending in the first half of 2015, as it announced a 15% rise in half-year profits.
The American music mogul Lou Pearlman, who discovered the Backstreet Boys and NSync, has died aged 53.
Two Iraqi men who won a legal battle against the British government over allegations of abuse are being investigated by military police.
The newly-merged Standard Life Aberdeen investment group is to cut 800 jobs worldwide.
Ospreys have posted a profit of more than £140,000 for the first time since 2009.
Police have arrested 11 people after a protest against police brutality turned violent.
Ambulance crews have responded to 90% of the most serious calls within 15 minutes, new figures have shown.
Exeter Chiefs lock Geoff Parling will join Super Rugby side Melbourne Rebels at the end of the 2017-18 season.
A man who was seriously injured in a fatal three-vehicle crash on the M9 has also died in hospital.
Bus drivers are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay, a union has said.
The bellwether tradition may be ancient but it still seems to hold true in Kent and Sussex.
The UK's last coal-fired power station has been switched off after 47 years of operation.
Singapore has reported 41 locally transmitted cases of the Zika virus, the biggest outbreak since the disease was first detected there in 2016.
The funeral of a helicopter engineer who died in the North Sea crash off Norway has taken place.
The Mexican government has agreed to a series of recommendations made by international experts investigating the disappearance of 43 students in 2014.
Renishaw has announced it is closing its diagnostics business with the loss of 40 jobs.
Bath have extended the contracts of England internationals Anthony Watson and Jonathan Joseph until 2020.
At least 16 people have been killed in an attack on a military base in Afghanistan used by the CIA, officials say.
A 21-year-old musician has died after falling into the River Clyde in Perth.
Northern Ireland fans will be given priority for Euro 2016 tickets, the Irish Football Association has confirmed.
Fifa presidential candidate Michel Platini has called for the election on 26 February to be postponed.
Singer Taylor Swift has pulled her new album 1989 from Apple Music, saying it will not be available on the service for its first week.
Scotland has seen a 45.5% increase in renewable energy output in the first quarter of 2012 compared to the same period last year.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day little changed, despite a strong performance from the mining sector.
Chinese clubs could be forced to pay a 20% transfer tax on any deal worth more than £8.5m.
Serbian police have arrested 60 people suspected of being involved in a massive corruption case.
New Zealand batsman Brendon McCullum has broken Sir Viv Richards' record for the fastest Test century.
Michael Dunlop set two new lap records at the Isle of Man TT races on Thursday.
The BBC has extended its broadcast deal with the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) until 2020.
Pinewood Studios has been given the go-ahead to expand by more than 50%.
More than 200 substances have been added to the World Anti-Doping Agency's list of prohibited drugs for 2017.
Ted Baker has reported a strong first half of the year, with sales rising in all its markets.
A man has been jailed for murdering a cyclist who was killed when he was deliberately knocked off his bike.
Glastonbury Festival will take a break in 2018, it has been confirmed.
At least 10 people have been killed in fighting between Myanmar's army and ethnic rebels in the country's north-east.
Wales and Bath fly-half Rhys Priestland will be available for selection after all, the club have confirmed.
A former world record holder has completed his 50,000th parkrun - 50 years after he started running.
Great Britain and Ireland retained the Curtis Cup with a thrilling victory over the United States in Scotland.
Scientists have unveiled the most detailed 3D model of the human brain ever created.
Wolves striker Nouha Dicko has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Championship club until 2020.
A 14-year-old girl from Leeds has been named as one of the 22 people killed in the Manchester Arena attack.
A campaign to save a 16th Century hall which was badly damaged by fire has been launched.
Health ministers from West Africa have agreed to a new strategy to contain the Ebola outbreak in the region.
The inquest into the 1976 Kingsmills massacre will be adjourned for up to six months to allow police to investigate a new lead.
The Philippines has held a memorial service for 44 police commandos killed in a clash with Muslim rebels.
Boston has been chosen as the US city to bid for the 2024 Olympics and Paralympics.
Apple has reported its first quarterly fall in iPhone sales in more than five years.
A new power cable between Scotland and Norway has moved a step closer after being granted a licence by energy regulator Ofgem.
A hole in a Manchester road which opened up after heavy rain has been repaired, the water company has said.
Bank of Scotland has unveiled a new £10 note made from polymer, which it said was cleaner, more secure and more durable than paper.
More than 10 million adults in the UK have never used the internet, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
More than 50 pupils were sent home from school for wearing the wrong trousers on the first day of term.
A 15-year-old boy has been found guilty of stabbing another teenager to death outside his school.
Honda has parted company with Yasuhisa Arai, the man who led its F1 engine programme since 2013.
The pay gap between bosses and workers has widened to the point where it takes a FTSE 100 chief executive just 45 minutes to earn what an average worker gets in a year
Wales manager Chris Coleman says he is against the idea of a British football team competing at the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo.
The founder of Wikileaks has said he will honour his offer to be extradited to the US if Chelsea Manning's sentence was commuted.
Stephen Fry has launched a campaign to save Soho from the "threat" of Crossrail 2.
Two documentaries about Michael Jackson and the internet are among the world premieres at the 2017 Sundance Film Festival.
Homeowners borrowed a record amount in 2015, according to the Council of Mortgage Lenders (CML).
Brazilian WhatsApp users have been sharing their plans for the next 48 hours after the messaging app was suspended in the country.
Scotland has been named as the winner of the 2016 International Cricket Council (ICC) Development Programme Award.
French football club Lyon have promised to take action after a banner was unfurled at their stadium with a woman in a kitchen and a man in a stadium.
The first Test of the series between Australia and India has been put back three days to 26 December.
More than 130 people have made reports of child sexual abuse in Scottish football, police have revealed.
Motherwell have received more than 50 applications for the managerial vacancy at Fir Park.
More than 10,000 migrants have been rescued in the Mediterranean in the past two days, the Italian coastguard says.
Ireland wing Keith Earls will miss the first two games of their November international series after being banned for two weeks.
A fresh search has begun for a little girl who went missing in County Donegal 34 years ago.
Sharp has unveiled a 4K smartphone display that it claims is the highest resolution ever made.
Liverpool have signed France defender Mamadou Sakho and Sporting Lisbon centre-back Tiago Ilori.
Two Pembrokeshire police officers have gone on trial accused of fraudulently claiming wages for hours they did not work.
A couple who won £1m on a lottery scratchcard have said they are still coming to terms with their win.
The Euro 2016 final was the most watched programme of the week, according to overnight ratings.
The death toll from the Bangladesh garment factory collapse has passed 600, with more bodies being recovered from the rubble.
East Midlands Ambulance Service (EMAS) has revealed it is £8m in debt.
A 22-year-old Australian man has been arrested at Sydney Airport as he tried to board a flight to Turkey.
A wildlife group has claimed a new housing estate would threaten the future of a red squirrel reserve.
At least 32 people have been killed after a cargo plane crashed in South Sudan, the Red Cross says.
A man has admitted killing a teenager in Bath 32 years ago.
McLaren have signed Lando Norris to a multi-year contract that will see him race in Formula 1 from 2019.
More than 20 people were injured in a fire at a care home, the ambulance service has said.
A near miss at a railway bridge when a train passed just 10 seconds after workers had arrived was "avoidable", says a report.
Nyquist has won the 142nd Kentucky Derby to give the US a Triple Crown winner for the first time since 1978.
A 13-year-old boy has died at a scout jamboree in Finland.
Shares in sofa retailer DFS fell more than 10% after it reported a slowdown in demand in the run-up to Christmas.
Former world heavyweight champion Frank Bruno has said he wants to make a comeback at the age of 52.
Liverpool have agreed a fee of £20m with West Brom for striker Christian Benteke.
US comedian and civil rights activist Dick Gregory has died at the age of 84, his family has announced.
Swiss voters have rejected a proposal to limit executive pay to 12 times the salary of the lowest-paid worker.
A passenger on board a plane that aborted its landing at Manchester Airport has captured the moment on camera.
A pharmacist has been given a suspended sentence for a fatal error which led to the death of a County Antrim woman.
Somerset captain Tom Abell has backed team-mate Marcus Trego's call for social media abuse to be stamped out.
Former England captain Michael Vaughan says he would pick Kevin Pietersen in the national team for the World Twenty20.
A memorial service has been held to mark the 30th anniversary of the Falklands War.
A man who killed a 19-year-old woman in a high-speed crash has been jailed for 12 months.
The son of Brazilian football legend Pele has been sentenced to 30 years in jail for money laundering.
Indian police say they have killed at least 18 Maoist rebels in a gun battle in the central state of Chhattisgarh.
Leicester hooker and England international Mike Youngs has expressed his concerns over a 10-month Premiership season.
Queen's University Belfast has dropped out of the top 200 universities in the world in the latest global rankings.
Police are to review the unsolved murder of a 72-year-old man in Gloucestershire in 1991.
A club in Bangladesh have set a world record for the most runs conceded in an innings of a limited-overs match.
Crime on the railways in Wales fell by 11% last year, according to British Transport Police.
The Environment Agency has closed the Port of Dover's outer breakwater for the 175th time in 12 months.
Rail passengers with season tickets will get a free week of travel in 2017, the Scottish government has announced.
Matt Lucas is to join the cast of Doctor Who as a regular character in the BBC One series.
France defender Raphael Varane has been ruled out of Euro 2016 with a hamstring injury.
Surgery within 24 hours of admission to hospital for hip fractures reduces the risk of death by 20%, a study has found.
Maidenhead United's 11-game unbeaten run in all competitions came to an end as Ebbsfleet earned a National League draw.
A man who carried out a 17-year campaign of rape and violence against three women has been jailed for an indefinite period.
A police dog that was deliberately run over on a motorway was "put down humanely", a review has concluded.
Nottingham Forest youngster Daryl Brereton has signed a new contract to keep him at the City Ground until 2021.
Betty Cuthbert, the first Australian to win three gold medals at a single Olympics, has died aged 79.
Bolivian soldiers have been protesting for a second day in the capital, La Paz, demanding better pay and conditions.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the week on a high, with the index closing at its highest level since 18 June.
Water voles are being reintroduced into a Yorkshire nature reserve for the first time in 50 years.
Northampton Saints have handed new contracts to 12 of their academy players, including England Under-20 fly-half Harry Mallinder.
Roger Federer has confirmed he will play at the Swiss Indoors tournament until at least 2019.
Tributes have been paid to Welsh actress Deddie Davies, who has died aged 86.
A councillor has called for an investigation into claims that water in the Aviemore area is making people ill.
The Walt Disney Company has sold its Miramax film studio to a group of investors for $660m (£420m).
Jonathan Rea won the opening Superbike race of the 2017 World Superbike Championship in Australia.
The number of people visiting Northern Ireland from Britain has reached a record high, according to the latest official figures.
More than 50 cases of alleged abuse by British troops in Iraq are to be dropped, the Ministry of Defence has said.
The Australian scientist who developed the cervical cancer vaccine says it could eradicate the disease within 40 years.
A £5m government grant has been announced to protect the Shropshire landscape which gave birth to the industrial revolution.
The number of babies being breastfed in Scotland has remained at a similar level over the last decade, according to official figures.
The 2015 World Cup is well under way, with 14 teams vying for the title.
Scotland flanker Alasdair Strokosch has announced his retirement from international rugby after a nine-year career.
A council is set to raise council tax rates by 3% to help pay for services.
John Berry, a founding member of the Beastie Boys, has died aged 51.
The International Olympic Committee has recommended that eight weightlifters be disqualified from the 2012 Games in London.
Brazilian prosecutors have charged 21 people with qualified homicide over the collapse of a mining dam in Minas Gerais state.
The clocks go forward one hour at 1am on Sunday 27 March 2016.
Police are searching a field for a man who went missing 23 years ago.
The European Union has agreed on a new data protection law that will give people more control over their personal information.
Flybe has said it will cut 6% of its fleet as it tries to return to profit.
A DJ who has played at Glastonbury for more than 40 years has gone missing from his home in Bristol.
Hate crimes against transgender people in London have risen by 25% in the past year, according to the Metropolitan Police.
Olympic dressage champion Charlotte Dujardin says her horse Valegro will retire after the 2016 Games in Rio.
Letters are to be sent out to businesses in Hawick reminding staff about parking restrictions in the town.
Libya's military authorities in the east of the country have frozen a controversial ban on women under 60 from travelling abroad alone.
Germany's Marcel Kittel has been forced out of the Tour de France after a crash on stage 17.
West Indies have sacked coach Phil Simmons after a poor run of results in all formats of the game.
Former Radio 1 DJ Dave Lee Travis has been awarded £4,000 in legal aid costs after being cleared of sex offences.
The medals for the Rio 2016 Olympic and Paralympic Games have been unveiled.
A school which has been educating children for 300 years is to close.
A call centre company is to create 500 new jobs in County Fermanagh.
Mickey Harte has confirmed that he will remain as Tyrone manager for at least another year.
Chelsea have signed Leicester City midfielder Danny Drinkwater and defender Davide Zappacosta on four-year deals.
The number of children reported to police in north Wales for taking and sending "selfies" of a sexual nature has risen sharply in the past three years.
Girls are more likely than boys to suffer from maths anxiety, according to a study.
A council has reached a deal with a union to end a 10-month dispute over equal pay.
Frank de Boer has been sacked by Inter Milan after 85 days in charge of the Italian club.
Hollywood actor Mickey Rourke has won his first professional boxing match in nearly 20 years.
The Conservatives have won the Gower seat in Swansea for the first time in 92 years.
A report into the flooding of a Cumbrian town has recommended more than 20 measures to reduce the risk of future damage.
A new £20m system of average speed cameras is being introduced on the M4 in Newport.
An exhibition of photographs and film has been opened to mark the 30th anniversary of the miners' strike.
UK car production fell in October for the first time in 17 months, according to the industry body.
Airbus has reported a 24% rise in profits in the first nine months of 2015.
Cornish Pirates chairman Mark Groves says the club's proposed new stadium will be a "game changer" for the region.
Police have been called to a Glasgow counting hall after 10 ballot papers were found to have been cast twice.
The Lord Mayor of London's Show is celebrating its 800th anniversary with a parade through the streets of the capital.
A £800m NHS contract has been terminated after just eight months, with the government launching an investigation.
Carole King will play a one-off concert in Hyde Park, London, on 3 July, as part of British Summer Time.
BBC Radio 1 is launching a new TV channel on BBC iPlayer.
The number of people claiming unemployment-related benefits in Northern Ireland has fallen by 1,000 in July.
Glasgow Warriors back-row forward Peter Murchie has extended his contract with the Pro12 leaders until 2018.
A new television centre in Carmarthenshire will need more companies on board to break even, a university leader has said.
Chinese police have arrested 20 people suspected of stealing thousands of ancient relics from a UNESCO World Heritage site.
A hormone used by platypuses to fight off predators could help treat diabetes in humans, say scientists.
Bristol City have signed Republic of Ireland Under-21 international Callum O'Dowda from Oxford United for an undisclosed fee.
Former US President Jimmy Carter's visit to Tyneside 40 years ago has been remembered.
Transport for London (TfL) fares will be frozen for the next two years, Sadiq Khan has announced.
Saracens' Chris Ashton has been banned for 13 weeks for a tip tackle in their 19-9 win over Ulster.
The government has announced plans to build a 20 mile stretch of toll road on the A14.
Woking were held to a draw by 10-man Gateshead at King Power Stadium.
The family of a woman who went missing 12 years ago have made a fresh appeal for information.
Liverpool have rejected a £114m offer from Barcelona for Philippe Coutinho.
The Bishop of Edinburgh has designed the final commemorative £1 coin to be minted before the round pound is phased out.
Manchester City and Ivory Coast midfielder Yaya Toure has been named BBC African Footballer of the Year 2015.
The closure of a prison in Portsea has been marked with a march by staff who have worked there for more than 20 years.
At least 26 people have been killed in a lorry crash in the Central African Republic, local officials say.
A man who was at the centre of a series of gang-related shootings in Birmingham has been jailed for 20 years.
Bernie Ecclestone has been charged with bribery and aggravated fraud in Germany over the sale of a stake in Formula 1.
St Helens will be without injured duo Alex Walmsley and Zeb Taia for their Super League trip to Catalans Dragons on Friday.
Sally Conway won bronze at the Rio Olympics to become the first British woman to win a medal in the -78kg category.
A teacher who was suspended after telling a 15-year-old pupil she did not agree with same sex relationships has won her case.
Boeing has reported a 24% rise in quarterly profit, helped by strong demand for its commercial aircraft.
South Africa took a commanding position in the second Test against Australia after bowling the hosts out for 99.
The man who wrote the first six Carry On films has died at the age of 93.
Tokyo has unveiled the logo for the 2020 Olympics and Paralympics, after the original design was scrapped amid plagiarism claims.
At least 20 people have been killed in a suicide attack on a hotel in the Somali capital, Mogadishu.
A 21-year-old British man has been arrested in Hong Kong on suspicion of murdering two women.
Chinese farmers have created a 3D rice paddy art work, which spans 20,000 sq m (215,280 sq ft).
The main rebel groups in Syria have yet to give their final approval to a US-Russian brokered truce.
A 17-year-old schoolgirl has become the youngest person to join the Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI).
A rare Japanese birch tree, which is on the verge of extinction in the wild, is being grown at a Kent arboretum.
The leaders of the four main parties in Wales have set out their New Year's messages for 2016.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright says his side are not giving up on a top-six finish despite being 10 points adrift of the target.
A US-based professional league has criticised plans to expand the Pro12 into North America.
A police force that was established 800 years ago has regained its powers.
A public inquiry has begun into plans to demolish 280 homes in Liverpool.
Tyler Alexander, who was instrumental in the creation of McLaren and played a key role in its success, has died aged 78.
A former Thai military general has been sentenced to 27 years in prison for human trafficking.
A man whose kidney failure left him bed-ridden for 23 hours a day has spoken of his delight after receiving a new organ from a friend.
A charity event has been held to mark the first anniversary of the death of a pregnant teenager who was murdered.
Wales second row Alun Wyn Jones has a knee injury, ruling him out of the Six Nations match against England on 12 March.
A soldier who killed a fellow private in a "sustained, savage and senseless attack" has been jailed for 12 years.
BBC Radio 3 has appointed Mercury-nominated rapper Soweto Kinch as the new presenter of its flagship jazz programme.
An exhibition celebrating the 135th Newcastle Hoppings has opened at a Newcastle museum.
A suicide bomber has killed at least 18 people in the Afghan capital, Kabul, officials say.
The 26 countries of the SADC, EAC and COMESA have signed a free trade agreement.
A Cornish MP has tabled an amendment to the finance bill in an attempt to force the government to reconsider its decision to raise VAT to 20%.
BT has been forced to pay £500m to settle a dispute with two mobile phone operators over the way it accounts for the purchase of the EE network.
A 1929 silent film about the herring industry is to be given a modern twist with a live soundtrack.
The London Taxi Company has secured a deal to supply 400 taxis to the Middle East.
The 2015 Milan Expo has opened, with the Italian prime minister saying it is as though the country is "embracing the world".
South Korea's spy agency ran a covert campaign to influence the 2012 presidential election, an internal investigation has found.
The Royal Regiment of Scotland has marked its 10th anniversary with a parade through the heart of Edinburgh.
Kate Winslet has said she was "trying to tidy away empty boxes" when she heard she had been nominated for a best supporting actress Oscar.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) is to close 18 branches in Scotland, with the loss of 176 jobs.
The author and poet Helen Dunmore has died at the age of 63 after a battle with cancer.
A man who was stabbed to death in a robbery in County Antrim has been named.
Haggis could be available in US stores within months if a ban on the Scottish dish is lifted, it has been claimed.
A 3D effect can be created by looking at a normal picture with one eye through a small hole, researchers have found.
Ferrari driver Sebastian Vettel has signed a contract extension that will keep him at the team until the end of 2020.
A new railway station is to be built in County Durham for the first time in 100 years.
The man behind a £500m regeneration of Swansea city centre says he is confident the plans will go ahead.
A fifth Tube union has announced it will join a strike on the London Underground on 5 August.
Plans for a new railway station in Ceredigion have been approved by the county council.
A Norfolk-based marine services company has been bought by a Dutch firm in a deal worth £85m.
Southampton have signed Chelsea midfielder Oriol Romeu on a four-and-a-half-year deal for a fee of about £5m.
More than 1,000 probation staff have left their jobs since the service was split into two in 2015, a report has found.
Manchester United's Anthony Martial is "well beyond" his age after scoring twice on his Premier League debut, says former Arsenal defender Martin Keown.
A battle that changed the course of English history is being commemorated 950 years on.
The first gas has been produced from a field in the North Sea, 140 miles north east of Aberdeen.
Scientists have used 3D printing to recreate the face of a woman who lived in Peru 1,700 years ago.
A man from Londonderry has come up with a pun for each of Northern Ireland's 32 counties.
Double Olympic silver medallist Becky James has announced her retirement from cycling at the age of 27.
Daniel Ricciardo has ruled himself out of contention to drive for Ferrari next year.
NHS trusts in England will be banned from paying agencies more than 55% above the cost of permanent staff, the government has announced.
A peregrine falcon has successfully hatched five chicks in a nest on top of a derelict tower block.
West Ham's Upton Park home will be known as the Boleyn Ground for the final time on Monday.
The Treasury is to launch a review of spending cuts in November, BBC Newsnight has learned.
A 17th Century garden in Denbighshire could be restored to its former glory with the help of a £1m lottery bid.
A £400m extension to Sheffield's Meadowhall shopping centre has been submitted for planning permission.
Francis Maude has announced he will step down as MP for Horsham at the next general election in 2020.
At least 20 people have been killed in a fire at a fuel tanker in north-western Pakistan, officials say.
A 73-year-old woman whose home was burgled on Christmas Day has received more than £1,000 in donations.
The Conservatives have pledged to create 100,000 college places if they win the 2016 Scottish Parliament election.
A man who became the first person in the world to have a heart-lung transplant is celebrating 30 years since the operation.
French investigators believe Russian hackers were behind the cyber-attack on TV5 Monde which knocked the station off air for 24 hours.
A Currys PC World advert that claimed customers could watch Euro 2016 matches in 4K has been banned.
A turkey processing plant in Lincolnshire is set to close with the loss of 80 jobs.
Radio presenter Brian O'Grady has paid tribute to Cilla Black on his final show on BBC Radio Merseyside.
Physical inactivity is a greater risk factor for heart disease in women than smoking, say researchers.
A murder inquiry has been launched after a teenager was found with "critical" stab wounds at a holiday park.
The deputy leader of Sheffield City Council has resigned to take up a new job.
A £100m revamp of Exeter's Princesshay shopping centre has been approved by the city council.
Kenyan authorities say they are hunting a gang of 10 poachers who killed a family of five rangers and 11 elephants.
Greece's parliament has approved a 2016 budget that will see spending cut by 1.8% and tax rises of €2bn.
British heptathlete Kelly Sotherton will attempt to qualify for the 2016 Rio Olympics.
A 14-year-old girl has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man who was stabbed to death in an Essex street.
A police station in Lincoln is to be sold off, the county's Police and Crime Commissioner has said.
More than 800 patients were sent letters warning they might have cancer after the wrong leaflet was sent out.
The Specials' drummer John Bradbury has died at the age of 61.
Japanese footballer Kazuyoshi Miura has extended his contract with Yokohama FC until he is 50.
An extra £100m is to be spent on health in Northern Ireland this year, the finance minister has said.
A judge has ruled that the Communities Secretary acted "unlawfully" in refusing permission for 1,500 homes in a rural area.
Martyn Irvine has been named BBC Northern Ireland's Sports Personality of the Year for 2013.
At least 10 soldiers have been killed and 28 wounded in a suicide car bombing in south-eastern Turkey, the army says.
More than 100 people have attended a public inquiry into plans to build 500 homes on a green belt site in Maidstone.
A review into the quality of life and care of older people in residential care in Wales has been launched.
The UK government has confirmed it is considering cutting its funding for Welsh language broadcaster S4C by 10%.
A tunnel at a major Scottish railway station is to be closed for five months for major engineering works.
Australia has turned back a boat carrying 46 Vietnamese asylum seekers, the first such move since 2014.
Marc Marquez won the Aragon Grand Prix to extend his lead at the top of the MotoGP world championship standings.
Red Bull have abandoned their bid to secure a supply of Mercedes engines for 2016.
Two England rugby players have returned to the club where they started their careers to open a new changing room.
The world's oldest person, Emma Morano, has died in Italy at the age of 116.
Scarlets prop Samson Lee says the region must improve to avoid a sixth straight defeat in Europe.
More than 200 councils will be able to bid for a share of £250m to help them return to weekly rubbish collections.
Sir Christopher Lee has released a new album of metal songs, aged 90.
More than 1,500 children in Wales with Type 1 diabetes have been admitted to hospital in the past five years, a study has found.
A schoolgirl who drowned in a swimming pool 15 years ago could have been saved, a High Court judge has ruled.
Chelsea striker Radamel Falcao has been ruled out of the club's Champions League squad for the rest of the season.
The horse that won the Grand National in 2014 has missed out on a place in this year's race.
Geoffrey Hughes, who played Coronation Street's Eddie Yeats, has died aged 71.
The number of people being diagnosed with lung cancer in Scotland has risen by nearly 100% in the past 40 years.
The average price of petrol and diesel has risen by more than 5p a litre in the past month, according to the RAC.
Lancashire thrashed Hampshire by an innings and 42 runs to move second in the County Championship.
A 10ft sculpture of a man lying face down in a river has fooled emergency services into thinking it was a real body.
Solihull Moors made it three wins from three to go top of the National League as they beat Bromley.
Human remains have been discovered during work to restore the Grade I listed Corn Exchange building in Brighton.
A man who suffered a cardiac arrest 17 times has thanked the ambulance crew who saved his life.
A woman has been taken to hospital after a crash involving a lorry and a car on the M4.
An 11-year-old girl has written a letter to the burglars who stole her birthday money and left her "scared of the dark again".
A vitamin supplement already used to treat pellagra could be used to fight antibiotic-resistant staph infections, say scientists.
More than 100 firefighters could lose their jobs as part of £1.3m of cuts, the county council has said.
The number of babies born addicted to drugs in England has fallen by 40% in the past four years, figures show.
Ulster have appointed Jono Gibbes as their new head coach for the 2016-17 season.
Britain's Tina Cook won individual gold at the FEI Eventing World Equestrian Games in Tryon, North Carolina.
David Warner's 149 helped Australia to a 10-wicket victory over the West Indies in the third Test in Sydney.
A charity which featured on Channel 4's Benefits Street has launched a guide to help communities deal with TV producers.
The Lords has seen a row between Labour and the Liberal Democrats over the future of EU citizens in the UK.
Tyson Fury has been stripped of the WBO heavyweight title after failing to meet a deadline to respond to a doping charge.
More than 100 Jewish community centres in the US have received bomb threats in the past 24 hours, the latest in a series of threats.
A human rights commission says there is no evidence to support the Mexican government's version of events in the 2014 disappearance of 43 students.
A £20m housing development in Carrbridge has been refused by Highland Council.
A section 60 order was used for the first time in Essex after a stabbing incident in Colchester.
Sergio Perez has signed a new contract to stay at Force India for the 2017 season.
A 15-year-old girl has died after getting into difficulties in the sea at a North East beach.
The number of incidents of livestock worrying in Scotland has risen by 55% in the past year, according to Police Scotland.
The Liberal Democrat peer Lord Avebury has died at the age of 87.
The Ghostbusters franchise could be getting a whole lot bigger.
A man has admitted murdering a teacher who was found dead in a hotel room on 1 January.
(Close): The S&P 500 and the Dow Jones both closed at record highs, as investors reacted to the latest moves by President Trump.
A commemorative coin has been released to mark the first birthday of Prince George of Cambridge.
The chief constable of Northumbria Police is to retire after 30 years in the service.
Hundreds of people have gathered in Cardiff Bay to show solidarity with the people of France after the terror attacks in Paris.
The new plastic £5 note is being introduced in Northern Ireland on Tuesday.
A suspected cigarette factory capable of producing 1.5 million cigarettes a day has been shut down in Birmingham.
Downton Abbey has been commissioned for a sixth series.
A competition to capture the best images of Bristol in 24 hours has attracted more than 200 entries.
Glasgow's Burrell Collection will close for three years from 1 January 2018 to allow it to be refurbished.
A stream in the Lake District has been restored to its natural state after 100 years.
The conductor and harpsichordist Christopher Hogwood has died at the age of 71.
Airbus has cut its production of the A380 superjumbo by 50% over the next three years.
A £15m fund to boost the cultural and tech sectors in the north of England has been announced by the government.
The number of mortgages for house purchases in the UK rose by 20% in March, according to the government.
Teaching assistants in Northumberland are to be balloted for strike action after the county council voted to cut their pay.
A Singapore museum is returning a 10th Century bronze sculpture to India after it was suspected to have been stolen.
A 19-year-old woman has been shot dead in Pennsylvania as she drove on a highway, police say.
The inquest into the Shoreham air disaster will not begin until late 2017, the coroner has said.
The 2019 Irish Open will be held at Ballyliffin in County Donegal, the European Tour has confirmed.
A school has been forced to close after more than 20 pupils and staff were struck down with a sickness bug.
A radio station that broadcast news to Zimbabweans for 15 years has closed down.
Pakistan will play their first Test series in India since 2007, the Pakistan Cricket Board has confirmed.
Former Peterborough United manager and chairman Barry Turner has died at the age of 64.
Betty Churcher, a leading figure in the Australian art world for more than 40 years, has died aged 84.
More than 50 prisoners have escaped from a jail in Papua New Guinea by overpowering guards and storming the main gate.
The Mexican actor and comedian Ruben Aguirre has died at the age of 82.
A search for a man who went missing in Dublin 16 years ago has begun.
Formula 1 will retain double points for the top eight drivers in the championship at the season-ending Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
British Swimming performance director Bill Furniss has resigned after 10 years in the role.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the week lower, with shares in Kingfisher and Tesco among the biggest fallers.
Taylor Swift's Shake It Off has been disqualified from the Triple J Hottest 100 countdown.
Renault will quit Formula 1 if it cannot run its own team, the company's chief executive has said.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended Wednesday's trading lower, with banking shares helping to limit losses.
BBC Three is to lose Family Guy when it moves online in 2016.
Sir Paul McCartney has topped the Sunday Times Rich List for music millionaires for the first time in 28 years.
The former drug smuggler Howard Marks has died at the age of 70.
A bus carrying 48 people has caught fire after a collision with a lorry on a German motorway.
Israel has postponed a vote on building 492 new homes in East Jerusalem, a week after the UN passed a resolution criticising settlement construction.
A 16-year-old boy has been jailed for 12 years for a string of sexual offences against girls aged 12 to 15.
A 93-year-old World War Two veteran has had his medals stolen from his home.
The city of Eugene has rejected claims it lobbied for the 2021 World Athletics Championships.
The former secretary of Nazi minister Joseph Goebbels has died in Germany, aged 106.
A truck bomb has killed at least 32 people in a busy market in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad.
Chris and Gabby Adcock are targeting a first British world badminton medal since 2006.
Russian security services have arrested 10 members of the Japanese doomsday cult Aum Shinrikyo, Russian media report.
Germany's central bank is calling for the retirement age to be raised to 69.
US police have arrested 140 people during a protest against the Dakota Access Pipeline in North Dakota, officials say.
A man who attacked a woman in a park in Canterbury has been jailed for 10 years.
The Rugby Players' Association has expressed "serious concerns" over a proposal to extend the Premiership season to 10 months.
More than 20 cars were damaged in a spate of vandalism in the north of Edinburgh.
A scheme which saw 200 bikes made available to the public in Dumfries has been scrapped.
A man has appeared in court charged with murdering his sister in Fife.
Online grocer Ocado has reported its first annual profit since it was founded in 2000.
Chris Gunter says Wales have "underachieved" in the past and are determined to end their 58-year wait for a major tournament.
Lewis Hamilton says he is not worried about his 17-point deficit to Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg in the championship.
A new research centre aimed at developing marine energy projects has been launched with £10m of EU funding.
A man has been arrested in Crawley on suspicion of terrorism offences, police have said.
A former head teacher has been jailed for 12 years for a string of sex offences against a young girl.
The Collins Dictionary has named "binge-watch" as its word of the year for 2015.
Great Britain's Olympic and Paralympic champions will compete at the first World Rowing Cup of the season in the United States.
The remains of a Spitfire plane that crashed in County Monaghan 75 years ago have been uncovered.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong to mark 20 years since the city was handed over from British to Chinese rule.
At least 120 people have been killed in suicide bombings in Syria, state media say, in attacks claimed by so-called Islamic State.
Councils in Wales are losing hundreds of thousands of pounds because of a global fall in the price of recycled waste.
Hampshire all-rounder Gareth Batty has been recalled to the England squad for the first time since 2011.
The final contracts for the £18bn Hinkley Point nuclear power plant have been signed, the BBC has learned.
The number of calls to a helpline for serving troops has risen by 30% in the past two years, a charity has said.
A soldier who served in Iraq and Afghanistan for 12 years has been diagnosed with PTSD at the age of 32.
Cocaine production in Colombia has risen by 25% in a year, according to a new UN report.
At least 102 people have died in a stampede at a Hindu temple in the southern Indian state of Kerala, police say.
A 700-year-old bridge has been uncovered as part of a project to revamp a town centre.
The Princes William and Harry have visited a memorial garden dedicated to their mother, Princess Diana, on the 20th anniversary of her death.
Jordon Crofts says he had to leave Brighton and join Gillingham on loan to boost his chances of going to Euro 2016.
Jackie Collins, the British-born author of more than 30 best-selling novels, has died aged 77.
Chinese businessman Tony Xia has completed his £200m takeover of Aston Villa.
The man who led a £10m project to restore Cardigan Castle has resigned as chairman of the trust behind the project.
A free school opened by David Cameron in 2013 has been rated "inadequate" by Ofsted.
Wales is set to be hit by strong winds and heavy rain as the remnants of Hurricane Gonzalo reach the UK.
A former football ground where Stoke City played for 119 years is set to be turned into a housing estate.
Claudia Winkleman is stepping down as presenter of BBC Two's Film 2016 after three years.
If you've ever watched a football match on TV, you'll know the highlights are the best bit.
India's 18-match ODI winning streak in Australia was ended by a 24-run defeat in the fourth match of the series.
French rider Pierre Rolland won stage 16 of the Giro d'Italia to end his long wait for a grand tour victory.
Former Israeli President Shimon Peres has died aged 93, his office has announced.
A lifeboat coxswain who led a walkout by 10 of his crew has said he was sacked.
Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone has signed a contract extension with the La Liga club until 2020.
Austria has said it will limit the number of asylum seekers it accepts to 37,500 a year.
Michel Platini's suspension by Fifa has been referred to the Court of Arbitration for Sport.
A judge has ruled that a UK airline must pay compensation for a flight delayed by more than three hours in 2012.
The Welsh Government has accused Network Rail of telling Arriva Trains Wales it would take 28 years to get the Welsh rail network up to standard.
British fugitives are being hunted in Spain in the latest appeal to find 20 people wanted for crimes in the UK.
A Labour MP has called for the £55bn HS2 rail link to be abandoned, saying it would cause "decades of blight".
A developer has submitted plans for a 700-bed student accommodation scheme in Belfast city centre.
A proposed motorway upgrade would have a "significant" impact on protected wildlife sites, an inquiry has heard.
League Two side Wycombe Wanderers will face League One side Blackpool in the third round of the FA Cup.
Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea will have until 24:00 BST on Tuesday to complete his move to Real Madrid.
A collection of items from a Nottinghamshire company that made prams for more than 100 years has been sold at auction.
The French man who invented the Etch A Sketch drawing toy has died aged 86.
Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City are among the 24 teams that will learn their last-32 opponents on Monday.
A football club has returned to its home town of Scarborough after a seven-year absence.
A man has admitted importing 50 extendable batons and three stun guns into the UK.
EE has tested a network of drones and balloons to provide mobile coverage in rural areas.
Scientists have discovered the oldest fruit in the world - a berry that's 200 million years old.
A grandfather who murdered his toddler daughter has been jailed for a minimum of 18 years.
Roma captain Francesco Totti has signed a new contract to extend his stay at the Italian club until 2016.
A survey of Northern Ireland businesses has found that 70% of those who responded are in favour of the UK remaining in the European Union.
Sri Lanka great Kumar Sangakkara has retired from cricket after the second Test against India in Colombo.
A 91-year-old cyclist who was attempting to set a new national record has died after a crash.
The 50th anniversary of a carnival that has become the biggest in Europe outside of Notting Hill has been celebrated.
Police are hunting a burglar who stole 18th Century porcelain cups and saucers from a stately home.
Police in Scotland are investigating an allegation of child sexual abuse against the late Lord Janner.
Samsung has said that its operating profit for the fourth quarter of 2015 will be lower than expected.
A 95-year-old widower who said he felt "so alone" after his wife went into a care home has been inundated with offers of help.
A new vein of the rare Blue John stone has been discovered in Derbyshire after 100 years.
A man has been found guilty of murdering a 22-month-old boy in his care.
Belfast-based Northstone NI has reported a 20% fall in pre-tax profits for 2012.
Aerobic exercise can reverse age-related memory loss, a study suggests.
Three men have been jailed for their roles in a plot to smuggle 20 people into the UK hidden in a lorry.
The US road safety regulator has closed an investigation into a fatal crash involving a Tesla car operating in Autopilot mode.
Google's parent company Alphabet has reported a 20% rise in first quarter revenue, but its shares fell sharply after hours.
Coventry came from behind to beat 10-man Millwall and end a run of four games without a win.
Liverpool have appointed former Republic of Ireland manager Steve O'Driscoll as their new assistant first-team coach.
The sister of a murdered teenager has said she hopes speaking publicly 20 years after her death will help find her killer.
A £20m cash boost has been given to a project to build a new community hospital in Bridgwater.
Ireland suffered a 15-run defeat by Afghanistan in the first of three Twenty20 internationals.
Blackburn Rovers have appointed former England midfielder Shefki Kuqi as their new assistant manager.
At least 30 people have been killed in a series of bomb attacks in Iraq, officials say.
The late Alfred Hitchcock sexually harassed and stalked actress Tippi Hedren, her new memoir claims.
More than 20 US military cadets were injured in a pillow fight at West Point academy, the army has confirmed.
A former footballer who spent 65 years working for his club has died.
Manchester City striker Mario Balotelli has completed his £32m move to AC Milan.
A new sign-on system for portable devices that uses pictures rather than text-based passwords has been proposed by Microsoft.
Attendances at Scottish Premiership and Championship games have increased by more than 12% in the 2016-17 season.
Italy have appointed former Torino boss Gian Piero Ventura as their new manager until the 2018 World Cup.
The mother of murdered toddler James Bulger has said she will never give up her fight for justice.
A driver has been caught speeding at 159mph on the M62.
Three men who tackled a burglar in their 70s have been given bravery awards.
Surrey captain Gareth Batty has signed a new contract to remain at the club until 2018.
British actor Sir Ian McKellen has led tributes to his friend and fellow actor David Hemmings, who has died aged 82.
A town which was once described as "a concrete jungle" is celebrating its 70th birthday.
A 16-year-old boy has been jailed for eight years for stabbing a fellow pupil to death at school.
Tennis star Venus Williams is being investigated over a car crash that killed a 78-year-old man in Florida, police say.
England women have named a 23-player squad for a training camp in Spain in January.
Kevin Pietersen hit his second century of the South African T20 competition to help the Dolphins beat the Knights.
The North East has seen a £43m economic boost from hosting three Rugby World Cup 2015 matches, organisers have said.
A reptile sanctuary has been inundated with 32 bearded dragons left on its doorstep.
More than 20 projects have been selected to mark the UK-India Year of Culture 2017.
Plans to build a £100m golf course on a sand dune site in the Highlands have been opposed by conservationists.
Lancashire captain Tom Smith has retired from cricket at the age of 28 because of a back injury.
The cost of petrol and diesel fell by 2.5% in January, the Office for National Statistics has said.
The way has been cleared for a £30m upgrade of a notorious stretch of the A9 in the Highlands.
The world's only beach airport is celebrating its 80th anniversary.
A £30m contribution from Transport for London (TfL) to the Garden Bridge project has been confirmed.
Marcus Trescothick's 200 was not enough to prevent Somerset from slipping to a 22-run first-innings lead against Nottinghamshire.
A cable car could be operating in Cardiff by 2020, the company behind the scheme has said.
Scientists have created insulin-producing cells in the laboratory that can cure type 1 diabetes in mice.
A Dublin-born Jesuit priest who was killed in Albania in 1933 is to be beatified.
Italian police have arrested 13 people suspected of being part of a network with links to al-Qaeda.
A poor summer has left Northern Ireland's bat population in a perilous state.
Southampton City Council is proposing to cut 195 jobs and close a care home as part of a bid to save £30m.
A service of thanksgiving is to be held to mark the 20th anniversary of the ordination of women priests in Wales.
A 24-year-old Swiss woman has been raped in the northern Indian state of Himachal Pradesh, police say.
One of the most famous figures of the French Resistance, Raymond Aubrac, has died aged 97.
Nigerian police have arrested 42 people suspected of being gay, local media report.
A college that is in the process of cutting 25% of its staff spent more than Â£100,000 on tickets to watch Manchester United play.
James Anderson has become England's leading one-day wicket-taker by taking his 200th victim in the series against Australia.
Germany's economy grew by 1.9% in 2016, the country's statistics office has said.
A Turkish F-16 fighter jet has crashed in southern Turkey, killing the pilot, the military says.
Lancashire Police could lose 1,000 more jobs and services as it faces a further Â£24m in cuts, the force's union has said.
A £5m legal bill over a ban on live animal exports has been paid by taxpayers, it has been revealed.
Livingston moved 10 points clear at the top of League One after beating Hamilton Academical.
Monty Python star Michael Palin is to be honoured with a Bafta fellowship at the 2015 TV awards.
Polish director Krzysztof Wajda has died aged 77, his family has announced.
The University Challenge stars are to present their own radio show.
Barclays has reported a 40% fall in profits after it set aside £560m to settle legal disputes and other costs.
A 2,000-year-old town has been discovered by students during an archaeological dig in Dorset.
The US has charged seven Iranian hackers with a series of cyber-attacks against US banks and a dam.
At least 15 people have been killed in a suspected US drone strike in north-western Pakistan, officials say.
An Iranian court has sentenced a foreigner to 10 years in prison for spying, state media say.
A £40m project to create a new media hub in Carmarthen has been recommended for rejection by Welsh Government.
Tom Daley won silver in the men's 10m platform event at the FINA Diving World Series in Kazan, Russia.
Northern Ireland striker Billy Joe Washington says he is still coming to terms with his meteoric rise from non-league football to the international stage.
A jockey who was caught drink-driving with 84 microgrammes of alcohol in his blood has been banned from the road for 18 months.
The future of Silverstone as the home of British Formula 1 is secure, the circuit's owners have said.
The International Olympic Committee says it is open to the idea of North Korea taking part in the 2018 Winter Olympics.
A man has been arrested for a second time on suspicion of murdering a schoolgirl in West Yorkshire 50 years ago.
A music festival which was due to take place in June has been cancelled after poor ticket sales.
Glamorgan need to sign more overseas fast bowlers to improve on their 2016 season, according to head coach Robert Croft.
Bolivians have voted by a narrow margin to reject a constitutional amendment that would have allowed President Evo Morales to run for a fourth term.
Hampshire and Middlesex both won their South Group T20 Blast matches to keep their quarter-final hopes alive.
A 20-mile stretch of the M4 in Berkshire could become Britain's first "smart" motorway.
The Welsh government has scrapped plans to create 31 marine conservation zones off the Welsh coast.
A man who spent 27 years in jail for murdering a 14-year-old girl has called for a new investigation.
A man has appeared in court charged with supplying drugs after a 17-year-old girl died after taking a "legal high".
Portugal has approved a law allowing descendants of Jews expelled from the country 500 years ago to apply for citizenship.
A 10-year-old boy from Canada has become the latest victim of an overbooked flight.
Northern Ireland pupils are among the happiest in the UK and the OECD, according to a new international study.
England spinner Danielle Hazell has been ruled out of the Women's World Twenty20 with a hamstring injury.
Snowboarder Belle Brockhoff has her sights set on the 2018 Winter Olympics in South Korea.
Norway's far-right mass murderer Anders Behring Breivik has complained about his prison conditions in a letter to the authorities.
The British Grand Prix was the first race of the season where the top three were all different drivers.
At least 104 people have been killed in flash floods in Indonesia's West Papua province, officials say.
A woman has told a court she was abused by a man for nine years from the age of 11.
Junior doctors in England are to be balloted for strike action over a new contract, the British Medical Association has announced.
The Queen has tweeted her thanks to well-wishers who sent her messages to mark her 90th birthday.
Alliance Trust has announced a shake-up of its board and management following pressure from investors.
Scientists have used geology maps to predict which parts of China are most at risk from arsenic poisoning.
A protest of more than 100 people has been held outside Liverpool Town Hall over proposed cuts to services.
Boeing has unveiled a new design for overhead luggage bins that it says will speed up boarding and reduce stress.
More than 300 Syrian refugees have been rehomed in Wales, according to the latest official figures.
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg has said that the prison population in England and Wales was higher than it was in 1993.
The operator of Southern rail services has paid out more than £2m in compensation to passengers for delays, the company has said.
Tommy Burke's £13m move to German side RB Leipzig is a "massive step" for the teenager, says former Nottingham Forest player Colin McGovern.
US Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas has spoken for the first time in nearly 10 years during oral arguments at the high court.
The Scottish Borders by-election to replace former MSP John Lamont will take place on 3 May.
The DUP has won the most seats in the Northern Ireland Assembly election, but Sinn Féin has the most votes.
Microsoft has confirmed that its next-generation Xbox console will not support virtual reality.
The Cardiff-based brewery and pub chain SA Brain is to open 20 coffee shops in south Wales and the south west of England.
Manchester City have signed defender Nicolas Otamendi from Valencia for a fee that could reach £32m.
A man who murdered a pensioner in his own home has been jailed for at least 13 years.
Jose Mourinho says some of his players are feeling the pressure of playing for Manchester United.
A 15-year-old girl is in a critical but stable condition in hospital after being hit by a car on her way to school.
Up to 70 jobs are under threat at a Tannoy factory in North Lanarkshire.
More than 20 former pupils of a north Belfast Catholic primary school have claimed compensation for their ordeal during loyalist protests.
The first German edition of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf in more than 70 years is to be published next year.
A military plane that crashed in Myanmar last week killing 106 people stalled after encountering bad weather, investigators say.
Newsweek has published its final print edition, 81 years after it first hit the newsstands.
A man has been taken to hospital with multiple serious injuries after a crash on the M6.
International students studying in Scotland are worth more than £1bn to the economy, according to a new report.
A man has been stabbed in the stomach at a gig by Glasgow band Biffy Clyro.
The Serbian FA and the Football Association have been charged by Uefa after violent scenes marred England's Under-21 win in Krusevac.
More than £100m of Welsh government funding is to be spent on 20 regeneration projects across Wales.
The world's energy consumption grew at its slowest rate for 16 years in 2014, according to a report by oil giant BP.
Nottinghamshire have re-signed Australia all-rounder Dan Christian for the 2017 T20 Blast.
Police investigating the murder of a schoolgirl 21 years ago have said they have a new DNA profile which could lead to the killer.
(Close): Japan's benchmark Nikkei index fell for a second day, as the yen strengthened and oil prices fell.
The remains of up to 200 people are being washed away from a Kent island.
A man who shone a laser pen at a police helicopter has been jailed for 14 months.
Northern Ireland will host the 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games, it has been confirmed.
Footfall in Borders towns has risen by 1% compared with 2015, according to new figures.
The first hurricane of the 2015 Atlantic season has formed in the North Atlantic Ocean, the US weather service has said.
England players will earn more than £1m a year from their national contracts, according to Rugby Players' Association chief executive Rob Hopley.
The Sixties chart-topper Bernard Cribbins has said he is "overwhelmed" by his number 12 placing in a new chart.
A 38-year-old man has been charged with the murder of a man shot dead at a birthday party.
A discount bus pass for 16-18 year olds will be extended until 2018, Economy Secretary Ken Skates has confirmed.
Colin Lawrie has revealed he will have surgery on his foot in a bid to prolong his career.
A two-minute silence has been held at a service to remember those who have died in conflict since World War One.
American Jason Bohn has suffered a heart attack during the second round of the Honda Classic.
Oil prices have fallen to their lowest level since 2009, as the price of crude oil continues to plummet.
A man who led police on a 50-minute chase through West Sussex has been jailed for dangerous driving.
At least 11 people have been killed in a shootout between rival drug gangs in Mexico, officials say.
Disney's The Lion King has been added to the US National Film Registry.
At least 160 people have been killed in a church collapse in the southern Nigerian city of Uyo, local officials say.
Ireland's hopes of a first one-day series win over Afghanistan were ended by a 70-run defeat in the second match in India.
Sam Vokes says Wales will take confidence from their recent performances as they bid to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.
A 31-year-old man has been found dead in a flat in Dundee.
A hacker who went by the name Guccifer has been sentenced to 20 months in prison in the US.
Radio 1 DJ Greg James is to be awarded an honorary degree by the University of East Anglia (UEA).
Gambling revenue in Macau has reached a record high in 2010, according to official figures.
A steel plant has been fined after five workers were exposed to a chemical that could have caused a fireball.
The number of new distilleries opening in the UK has risen by 25% in the past year, according to a new report.
Luton Airport could handle 30 million passengers a year, according to a leaked document.
A man who admitted sexually assaulting a 12-year-old girl has been jailed for 30 months.
Louis van Gaal has announced his retirement from football, 10 months after leaving his role as Manchester United manager.
Winds of up to 80mph battered north and west Wales on Friday, causing damage and disruption.
The Oscar-winning film 12 Years a Slave has seen a 200% increase in the number of screens it is playing on in North America.
Syphilis cases in London have risen by 163% in the past five years, according to the NHS.
Airlines will be able to track planes anywhere in the world using satellites from 2018, the UN has said.
Sale have signed Wales and British and Irish Lions centre Jamie Roberts from French Top 14 side Racing 92.
A £100m hydroelectric scheme in Conwy has been scrapped.
A gang which brought heroin into Wales from the Midlands has been jailed for a total of 70 years.
A £350m science and technology hub in Newcastle has officially opened.
Two trains have collided at a station in Oakland, California, injuring 16 people, officials say.
Animal welfare officers in Wales have secured a 100% conviction rate for the second year running.
The number of cancer patients being treated within 62 days of referral has fallen for the first time in five years.
The Football League will donate £1m to the Grenfell Tower appeal after the Community Shield match on 6 August.
The Co-operative Group has reported a sharp rise in profits, but has warned that it will not pay a dividend to its members for at least three years.
The creator of the famous Rock Garden in the Indian city of Chandigarh has died aged 94.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is to meet Russian President Vladimir Putin for the first time since 2014.
A set of stamps has been issued to mark the 350th anniversary of the Great Fire of London.
Prince Harry has visited a remote village in Guyana, where he was presented with a headdress and a painting.
Swansea City's longest serving director, Gwilym Joseph, has died at the age of 89.
Sheffield United have released 10 players, including former England Under-21 midfielder John Fleck.
A court in Argentina has begun the trial of six former military officers accused of human rights abuses during the 1976-83 military rule.
Five Australian women have joined Islamic State militants in Syria, according to a police investigation.
Firefighters who retired in Wales between 2001 and 2006 are to receive compensation payments totalling £5m.
The US has named its first ambassador to Cuba in more than 50 years.
A man who killed his wife in a "fit of rage" has been told he will be sentenced next month.
The number of cannabis farms discovered in the UK has doubled in the past year, according to a report.
Hearts fans have been told it could take up to 10 years to raise the £20m needed to build a new main stand at Tynecastle.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says it would be the biggest achievement of his career to guide his side into the last 32 of the Europa League.
Aberdeen Under-20s will be managed by former Dons player Paul Sheerin for the 2014-15 season.
Tennessee Titans safety Troy Polamalu has announced his retirement from the NFL at the age of 33.
A new 50m swimming pool will be built in Derby, the city council has confirmed.
The UN is considering publishing the names of 200 Syrian government officials suspected of committing war crimes.
About 1,000 people have taken part in protests against water charges across the Republic of Ireland.
A new database of 390 trees and shrubs has been launched to help city planners choose the best species for urban areas.
Russia boss Leonid Slutsky says he will step down after the 2018 World Cup, which will be held in his country.
A search of the Forth and Clyde Canal has identified five areas of interest in the hunt for a schoolgirl murdered 60 years ago.
More than 40% of teenagers check their mobile phones for notifications in the middle of the night, a survey suggests.
A takeaway chef who fractured a colleague's skull with a cleaver has been jailed for 12 years.
A hospital is looking at building a multi-storey car park to cope with the 626 staff who cannot find a parking space.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor Murray says the Pro12 title is within their grasp despite a tough finish to the season.
West Brom striker Saido Berahino has been banned from driving for 18 months after admitting drink-driving.
Ecuador will hold a second round of voting on 7 May to decide the next president, the electoral council has announced.
More than 700 government email addresses and passwords have been found on the internet, a security firm has said.
Olympic champion Rebekah Tiler will lead a 10-strong British team at the European Weightlifting Championships in Norway.
The United States Soccer Federation has introduced new rules to limit heading in youth football.
Oilfield services company Proserv has won two contracts worth more than £10m with oil and gas firms.
A US court has heard graphic details of the injuries suffered by three people killed in the Boston Marathon bombings.
The US has condemned the release of 37 prisoners from Bagram jail in Afghanistan, saying it will endanger the country.
Lord Sebastian Coe and Sir Chris Hoy will be among the BBC's team of presenters at the Rio 2016 Olympics.
A new £10m manufacturing facility is being built in Angus, creating 100 jobs over the next five years.
A lorry has crashed into a house after the driver failed to stop at a level crossing.
Boyhood has been named the best film of 2014 by the New York Film Critics Circle.
More than 500 people have objected to a council's decision to allow a church to run a new £20m school.
Former Wales centre Jamie Roberts will make his Twickenham debut when he plays for Cambridge in the 2016 Varsity Match.
Land Rover has confirmed that its iconic Defender 4x4 will be discontinued in 2015.
A swimming pool which has been a community hub for more than 100 years is to close.
Kent captain James Stevens scored an unbeaten 153 as the hosts closed on 482 against Essex.
Body-worn cameras are to be used by all 1,300 police officers in Wales' largest force.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said his campaign is not provoking violence at his rallies.
A school has sent home 100 pupils for not wearing the correct uniform on the first day of term.
A US citizen jailed for 16 years in North Korea for crimes against the state has been sentenced to hard labour.
Average speed cameras are to be used to manage traffic during a £500m road improvement project in Scotland.
A British student has been jailed for 15 years in the United Arab Emirates for possessing cocaine.
The future of golf in the Olympics could be in doubt if the PGA Tour does not comply with anti-doping rules, says IOC president Thomas Bach.
Australian police have released footage of the final moments of the 2014 Sydney cafe siege, in which two people died.
A man who posted racist comments on Facebook during the search for Mikaeel Kular has been jailed for 12 months.
A retail and leisure development which has been the subject of a 10-year planning battle has been given the go-ahead.
Scotland has missed its annual climate change target for the fifth year in a row, according to official figures.
Manchester City have had a £25m bid rejected by West Brom for defender Jonny Evans.
Youth workers and work-based learning practitioners will be regulated by the same body as teachers, the Welsh government has announced.
Insurance firm Royal Sun Alliance is to close its Birmingham office with the loss of 190 jobs.
Gemma Arterton is in talks to star in a musical version of the 2010 film Made in Dagenham.
Two men have been jailed for stealing sheep from farms in the North East.
The Orange Order has said it will not allow "thugs" to hijack its protests over a parade ban.
Real Madrid have confirmed Fifa is investigating the club's transfer activity over the last five years.
Scottish midfielder Liam Commons hopes his loan spell at Hibernian will not end when his contract with Celtic expires on 15 January.
The BBC has extended its contract to broadcast the Six Nations rugby union tournament until 2017.
The Football Association and Scottish Football Association have said they will let their players wear poppies on their shirts for the match against Scotland.
A science centre which receives more than Â£850,000 a year from the Welsh Government is to have its funding phased out over five years.
David Tennant and Billie Piper will return to Doctor Who for the 50th anniversary special.
Middlesex have re-signed New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum for this summer's T20 Blast.
(Close): The Dow Jones closed lower on Friday, ending the year with a loss.
Tesco has sold its Fresh & Easy chain of stores in the US to a private equity firm for $9m (Â£5.8m).
A wildlife rescue charity has said it has had to rescue more than 20 swans injured by fishing equipment in the past year.
A 17th Century Oxfordshire pub has been saved from closure after villagers bought it and found new tenants.
Anna Christian and Mel Lowther will represent Great Britain at the European Road Cycling Championships in Denmark.
Italian police have arrested 18 people suspected of fixing matches in the lower divisions of the country's football league.
A prison which has been criticised for a "marked increase" in the use of force has been rated as "requiring improvement".
Cheltenham Town moved up to second in the National League with a narrow win over Forest Green Rovers.
A campaign to name a new £200m polar research ship Boaty McBoatface has crashed the NERC website.
A bubble tea chain has changed its policy after it emerged it was offering unpaid trial shifts to potential staff.
A 24-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the phone-hacking scandal.
A 200-year-old windmill has been restored to working order after a 10-month project.
England's opening game of the 2015 Women's Rugby World Cup against New Zealand will be shown live on BBC Two.
A mosque in Florida has been stripped of its status as a polling place after a local official said she received complaints from voters.
At least 45 people have been killed in three car bombs in the Yemeni port city of Aden, officials say.
Iran has elected a record number of women to parliament, the state broadcaster says.
A Canadian woman has described how her house was engulfed in flames in just 30 seconds.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teacher was stabbed at a school in Bradford.
At least 25 people have been killed and dozens more left missing after a landslide in Colombia.
US journalist Gwen Ifill, who moderated two vice-presidential debates, has died aged 61.
UKIP is aiming to win seven seats at next year's assembly election, its Welsh leader has said.
Two eels have been found in a Norfolk river for the first time in 10 years.
A fire engine was 33 minutes late to a 999 call after the crew was delayed by a "non-emergency job".
Jenson Button says he will treat Sunday's Belgian Grand Prix as his last race.
Lord Waddington, a former Conservative home secretary who served in Margaret Thatcher's government, has died aged 86.
Camera maker GoPro has announced it will cut 250 jobs as it tries to reduce costs.
Yemen's Houthi rebels have freed the chief of staff of President Abdrabbuh Mansour Hadi's government.
North Korea is holding local elections on Sunday, the first since leader Kim Jong-un came to power in 2011.
Honda MotoGP rider Michael Martin has said he will not race for the Japanese firm in the 2016 road racing season.
A packaging firm has blamed the 5p charge on plastic bags for its decision to cut 40 jobs.
Consumer confidence fell to its lowest level since the 1990s in the days after the UK voted to leave the European Union, a survey suggests.
A man has been jailed for perverting the course of justice after his car was used in a fatal hit-and-run.
Double Paralympic champion Natalie Robinson Brown has ruled out switching disciplines to try to qualify for the 2016 Rio Games.
Cardiff Blues maintained their 100% start to the European Champions Cup with a hard-fought win over French Top 14 side Pau.
A 20mph speed limit is to be introduced in Edinburgh, with the first phase of the scheme due to begin in September.
Carolyn McCall, the chief executive of easyJet, has been named as the new chair of ITV.
A 19th Century theatre which has been derelict for more than 20 years is to be auctioned.
A murder investigation has been launched after a 78-year-old woman died in a house fire in Kilmarnock.
Edinburgh will host the 2017 European Champions Cup and Challenge Cup finals.
Tottenham have completed the signing of Spain striker Roberto Soldado from Valencia for a fee of about £26m.
A woman with learning disabilities who has had six children, some of whom were born at home, has had her right to have more children removed.
Six teams have been shortlisted to design a new visitor centre at a 18th Century stately home.
A new exhibition has opened to mark the 50th anniversary of the closure of a Nottingham railway station.
A postcard sent from Spain to Swansea has taken 29 years to arrive at its destination.
Road safety campaigners have welcomed a review of 20mph zones in Manchester after a "slower than expected" fall in accidents.
A man who escaped from a Northern Ireland court 40 years ago has been jailed for 12 months for possessing firearms.
A college in Shrewsbury has announced plans to cut 76 jobs as part of a bid to save £3m over the next three years.
A US man who spent 30 years in prison for murder has been cleared after new ballistics tests showed he was innocent.
More than 50% of businesses in one Edinburgh area were found to be illegally disposing of their waste, the City of Edinburgh Council has said.
A former Labour peer who voted against an assisted dying law in 2006 has said he now wants to be allowed to end his life.
A former homeless alcoholic has been named in the New Year Honours list.
India completed a series whitewash over Sri Lanka by winning the second Test in Colombo by an innings and 53 runs.
The Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) is to invest £250m in improving tennis facilities across the UK.
BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game at the 2014 World Cup.
The UK music industry generated its highest annual revenues since 2006 last year, according to the British Phonographic Industry (BPI).
Two men have died following a head-on crash on the A713 in Dumfries and Galloway.
Fast bowler Boyd Rankin has rejoined Ireland after a three-year spell with England.
The new county cricket season will start on 6 April and end on 23 September, with a 50-over final at Lord's on 15 July.
Leeds Rhinos are facing a £1m bill to repair damage caused by flooding.
At least 10 people have died in a fire at a factory in Bangladesh, officials say.
Liverpool artist William Simpson has won the 2016 John Moores Painting Prize for the first time in his career.
People who nap for more than an hour during the day are more likely to develop type-2 diabetes, a study suggests.
A man who drove 200 miles to help Manchester bombing victims has said he was "in a position to be able to help".
Police in north Belfast have found 16 petrol bombs in a street.
Scotland will have 13 athletes in the Great Britain team for the Rio Olympics in August.
Police in the western Indian state of Maharashtra have arrested a man after 17 foetuses were found in a shallow grave.
A man who phoned a hospital to claim a bomb had been planted there has been jailed for 29 months.
The world's food supply is vulnerable to natural disasters and climate change, a report has warned.
A portrait of a former shopkeeper which became a town landmark is to be restored after 25 years.
Former world champion Elinor Barker says she would consider a return to the track for the 2018 Commonwealth Games in Australia.
A £1m cash injection will be used to speed up autism assessments for children, the health minister has said.
A suicide bomber has killed at least 29 people at a football pitch in Iraq, officials say.
Saudi Arabia has announced plans to build a $500bn (Â£400bn) tourist resort on its Red Sea coast.
A 16th Century hall in Manchester has been badly damaged by fire.
An Indian court has rejected a request by two Italian marines to spend Christmas with their families in Italy.
Tributes have been pouring in on Twitter for the late Muhammad Ali.
A 200-year-old barracks in Powys is to close, the Ministry of Defence has announced.
Human remains have been uncovered during an excavation at a former cemetery in Peterborough.
Featherstone Rovers reached the Challenge Cup quarter-finals for the first time since 1998 with a hard-fought victory over Halifax.
The inquest into the murder of 10 Protestant workmen in Northern Ireland in 1976 has been delayed because there is no coroner available.
A vital part of a Nazi code-breaking machine is being recreated using 3D printing technology.
England's Matthew Fitzpatrick had to settle for a share of the lead after a bogey at the last in the third round of the Alfred Dunhill Links Championship.
Carissa is a chess champion.
West Ham striker Andy Carroll is not guaranteed a place in England's Euro 2016 squad, says manager Roy Hodgson.
Bob The Builder is getting a new look and a new voice for his 15th series.
Zambia has arrested 223 Chinese nationals suspected of illegal mining activities, the authorities say.
Archaeologists have discovered the remains of a 12th Century castle at the home of the Prince Bishops of Durham for 650 years.
A series of projects have been given the go-ahead as part of the £1bn Dundee Waterfront regeneration scheme.
Israeli police say they have killed the gunman who shot dead two people in Tel Aviv on Friday.
Shares in Paddy Power Betfair fell 5% after the company reported a loss for 2016.
A minister has been heckled by MPs as he said the government was doing "a significant amount" to help women born in the 1950s.
A university building which was once the heart of Welsh education is to be restored with the help of £5m of lottery funding.
Notts County have appointed a new board of directors to help the club's owner Alan Hardy rebuild the Magpies.
A tidal lagoon in Swansea Bay could be delayed by a year, a Labour MP has warned.
A free classic car show which attracted 40,000 visitors last year has been cancelled.
The full trailer for the 24th James Bond film, Spectre, has been released.
A crisp factory in County Durham is to close with the loss of 378 jobs, the food giant Walkers has confirmed.
A £37m lagoon for surfing and other water sports has been given the go-ahead by the Welsh government.
Blink 182 guitarist Tom DeLonge has denied he quit the band after 20 years.
A cash-in-transit robbery has been carried out on a security van in Glasgow city centre.
Wales' Euro 2016 campaign has left BBC pundit Dean Saunders with a parking fine of up to Â£1,000.
Wales lock Alun Wyn Jones has agreed to join Premiership side Ospreys from Northampton Saints in the summer.
A pension fund has invested £30m in a scheme to build 300 new social rent homes in central Scotland.
A Bangladesh man who spent 25 years in Pakistani jails has been reunited with his family.
More than 40 puppies were rescued from two vehicles on their way to be sold in the UK, the DSPCA has said.
Butterflies could be extinct in parts of England as early as 2050, according to a new study.
A 111 phone line has been rated as a "red risk" to patient safety.
A man who charged victims £500 on top of every £1,000 he loaned them has been given a suspended 12-month jail term.
Italy have appointed Antonio Conte as their new coach on a contract until 2016.
Coca-Cola has reported a 5% fall in revenue in the first quarter of 2016, missing analysts' expectations.
Hollywood actor George Clooney has surprised a 90-year-old woman by turning up at her care home to sing Happy Birthday to her.
More than 100 doctors have written to voters urging them to reject the Conservatives at the general election.
Archaeologists have discovered the remains of a 16th Century artillery bastion at Stirling Castle.
Wrexham have appointed former midfielder Dean Keates as their new manager on a deal until 2020.
The number of medical students in England will be increased by a quarter over the next five years, the government has announced.
The area of land used to grow opium in Afghanistan has increased by 30% in the past year, according to the UN.
The death toll from an attack on an airbase in western Libya has risen to 140, a militia spokesman has said.
More than 700 million girls around the world are at risk of being married off before their 18th birthday, a report says.
A section of the M1 was closed for an aircraft emergency as a plane with 154 people on board made an emergency landing.
Spotlight has been named best film of 2015 at the New York Film Critics Circle awards.
I have been collecting matchbox labels for 20 years.
Former world champion Carl Frampton will fight Puerto Rico's Leo Santa Cruz on 28 January.
New Zealand's oldest pelican has died at the age of 32, his zoo has announced.
Former ice hockey player Gordie Howe has died aged 88, his family has announced.
A US legal services firm is to create 97 new jobs in Belfast.
A woman who has been selling poppies for 75 years has said she will continue to do so until she is 100.
Yorkshire would be interested in hosting a day-night County Championship match in 2017, the county's chief executive has said.
A £100m housing development on a former airfield has been rejected by the government.
Charlton have appointed Jose Riga as their new head coach on a deal until the end of the 2016-17 season.
The US economy grew at its slowest pace in five quarters in the final three months of 2014, according to the latest official figures.
General Motors (GM) has said it will stop selling cars in India, citing a lack of profitability in the market.
New Zealand officials are trying to save 416 pilot whales stranded on a beach, with only 50 of them still alive.
Liam Livingstone has been included in a 15-man England squad for the three-match Twenty20 series against South Africa.
More than 60 patients have suffered complications after eye surgery in a mobile theatre at a Somerset hospital.
A coach carrying 50 people has been hit by a lorry on the A34 in Oxfordshire.
A consultation into plans to upgrade a section of the A27 in West Sussex has been branded a "sham".
A plan to reduce parking fines in Northern Ireland by 50% has been rejected by MLAs.
Elvis Presley's former personal assistant, Jerry Schilling, has died aged 71.
Hampshire batsman James Vince has said he is relishing the chance to play in the Indian Premier League.
ScotRail has launched a recruitment drive to hire up to 100 new train drivers.
A study of children in Aberdeen 50 years ago is to be repeated as part of a major new research project.
Marion Bartoli has announced her retirement from tennis at the age of 28, just months after winning Wimbledon.
Formula 1 teams have agreed the qualifying system should be changed for the 2017 season.
Southampton have signed Norwich City winger Nathan Redmond for a fee in the region of £10m.
Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino says Harry Kane is "not for sale" after the striker broke the club's 118-year-old goalscoring record.
More than 200 cases of measles have been confirmed in south west Wales, health officials have said.
A decision on the future of Perth Concert Hall could be made as early as next week.
A murder inquiry has been launched after a 23-year-old man was found stabbed in a Glasgow street.
An airport which closed 20 years ago is being remembered with a reunion and exhibition.
Soldiers in World War One spent less than half their time at the front line, research has found.
A row between Conservative AMs over a controversial road has been described as "tittle-tattle" by the group leader.
Charlton Athletic has launched an investigation after a former youth player claimed he was sexually abused in the 1980s.
A 16-year-old boy has died after a fight at a birthday party in south-east London.
A gymnast who represented Britain at junior level has switched allegiance to South Africa in the hope of qualifying for Rio 2016.