A project to record medieval graffiti in Norfolk churches has uncovered more than 1,000 examples in just two years.
A two-year-old boy in Texas is fighting for his life after being set on fire by another child, say police.
A man has admitted being part of a plot to smuggle £40m worth of cocaine into the UK on a luxury yacht.
Rihanna has cancelled her concert in Nice following the lorry attack that killed at least 84 people on Thursday evening.
Former Liverpool FC manager Kenny Dalglish has been awarded freedom of the city of Liverpool, 25 years after the Hillsborough disaster.
Double Olympic champion Mo Farah will defend his 3000m title at the World Indoor Championships in Portland on 17-20 March.
Leigh Centurions have signed Australian half-back Daniel Mortimer on a deal until the end of the 2016 season.
A court in Somalia's capital, Mogadishu, has sentenced 100 foreigners to be deported for overstaying their visas
Monsoon rains have killed at least 93 people across South Asia in the past few days, officials say.
Tiger Woods has dropped to his lowest world ranking for 18 years after failing to play in three successive events.
Guernsey's volleyball players are disappointed that their sport has been dropped from the 2021 Island Games.
Luis Suarez will return to Liverpool to play in a charity match at Anfield on 2 August.
At least 27 people have died and dozens more were injured in a train derailment and fire in Burma, formerly known as Myanmar.
Facebook could face daily fines of up to 250,000 euros in Belgium if it does not stop using a cookie to track non-members of
South Africa's Western Cape province has declared a disaster as a result of a severe drought that has left dams at less than 30% capacity.
Shares in Glencore have fallen another 10% after a broker warned that the mining giant could see "almost all equity value eliminated".
Motorists are being warned of delays on the M1 in Derbyshire over the August weekend.
A hospital trust has been ordered to pay £10m to a girl who suffered brain damage after being discharged from hospital when she was just 10 days old.
Harry Kane has told England manager Roy Hodgson he wants to play for the Under-21s at the European Championship in the Czech Republic this summer.
Former England Test opener Robert Key has announced his retirement from cricket after 18 seasons with Kent.
A man who stabbed a drug dealer to death in Gloucester has been jailed for life with a minimum of 25 years.
Pope Francis has paid tribute to the victims of the 1994 bomb attack on a Jewish centre in Buenos Aires that killed 85 people.
Michael Phelps says Rio 2016 will be his last Olympics, despite winning his 23rd gold medal.
A two-year-old boy has lost the sight in one eye after a drone crashed into it in his garden.
Guns N' Roses have announced their first European tour in more than 20 years - including a date in the UK.
Wales Ladies secured a creditable draw against Austria in their final 2017 Euro qualifier in Lausanne.
The first part of Peter Jackson's The Hobbit trilogy will have its world premiere in the New Zealand city of Wellington.
The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 has topped the UK box office in its opening weekend.
A murder investigation into the death of a man who was beaten to death with a baseball bat 15 years ago has been re-opened.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) is to cut 443 jobs in the UK and move them to India.
The Honduran government has suspended eight consuls in the US over allegations that they were selling fake IDs to Honduran expatriates.
India's new government will present its first full budget on 10 July, the finance ministry has said.
The cost of car insurance has risen by 16% in the past year, according to research by a comparison website.
A man has been found guilty of owning a banned dog after his pet killed a 10-month-old baby.
Los Angeles has officially launched its bid to host the 2024 Summer Olympics.
The founder of a Welsh children's hospice has died at the age of 64 after a short illness.
Linen hire company Fishers has opened a £10m laundry facility in North Lanarkshire.
Drayton Manor theme park is to reopen on Saturday, 13 days after a 11-year-old girl died on one of its rides.
The last words spoken by the pilot of missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 were "all right, good night", officials have said.
Tyrone will defend their Ulster SFC title against Derry in the last eight of the 2017 provincial championship.
A South Yorkshire steel firm has won a £10m contract to supply parts for new US Navy submarines.
A 70-year-old cancer survivor has reached the South Pole on foot to mark the centenary of Captain Scott's death.
The number of people living with cancer in Scotland has reached a record high, according to a charity.
A pensioner who sexually abused four young girls over a 22-year period has been jailed for 32 months.
Sam Smith has returned to the top of the UK album chart for a sixth time with his debut collection, In The Lonely Hour.
Former Glamorgan coach and player John Derrick has died at the age of 55 after a long battle with cancer.
Walsall moved up to second in League One as they beat Peterborough United to record their first away win of the season.
The FA Cup third round is upon us, with 24 Premier League teams joining the action.
The number of stray dogs being put to sleep in Northern Ireland has fallen by 32% in the last year, according to the Dogs Trust.
A woman's body was found in a garden 12 years after she went missing, a court has heard.
A dog that had been missing for 12 days was rescued from a steep gorge in the Highlands.
Two women who buried a dead man in their garden for four years have been jailed for up to 21 months.
A man who has been jailed 10 times for swearing has been told he could spend the rest of his life in prison.
India has signed a deal to buy 36 Rafale fighter jets from France, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced.
The 1981 Oscar-winning film Chariots of Fire is to be re-released in cinemas to mark the London 2012 Olympics
Microsoft is considering making a bid for Yahoo, sending shares in the internet firm soaring.
A Cuban plane carrying 61 people has crashed in the centre of the island, killing all on board, officials say.
The Great Gatsby has overtaken Baz Luhrmann's adaptation of the F Scott Fitzgerald novel at the UK box office.
China has sent a fleet of 10 ships to waters near disputed islands in the East China Sea, Japan's defence ministry says.
Chinese authorities say they have arrested five suspects after a car attack in the Xinjiang region that killed 39 people.
Taylor Swift has been accused of failing to pay a fair price for a fox drawing she used to promote her latest album.
Sussex fast bowler Matthew Hobden has died at the age of 21.
The barcode is celebrating its 60th birthday - but it took 22 years to make its debut in the US.
A racing driver who was seriously injured in a crash at a British F4 Championship race has been discharged from hospital.
A leading Scottish economic research institute is to mark its 40th anniversary with a £1m investment.
Ulster have named Robbie Diack as captain for Friday's Pro12 trip to Cardiff Blues.
A housing association has applied for permission to change the layout of 55 new homes in York after it was discovered they were built in the wrong place.
Ticket touts are being targeted by the producers of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, which has become the West End's most expensive show.
Olympic champion Hannah Mills is considering her future after winning gold at Rio 2016.
A cup used by Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn to drink water during a rally has been sold on eBay for £51.
The London mayoral election campaign is now in full swing and transport is a key battleground.
Labour's Graham Allen has announced he will not stand for re-election at the general election on 8 June.
(Close): The FTSE 100 recovered some of its recent losses as investors awaited the outcome of the US Federal Reserve's latest policy meeting.
A blind ex-soldier who lost his sight in an Afghanistan bomb blast is aiming to compete at the 2016 Rio Paralympics.
Haiti has announced plans to recruit a new army for the first time since 1995, when the military was disbanded.
A 17-year-old boy who stabbed a man in the head in a bid to steal his drugs money has been jailed for 12 years.
Great Britain's Mo Farah won his third gold of Rio 2016 to take his Olympic tally to four.
A private healthcare provider is charging up to £1,500 for a week's work experience to help students apply to study medicine.
Former Sri Lanka fast bowler Chaminda Vaas has been appointed as Ireland's bowling coach for the ICC World Twenty20 in India.
Health officials in Liberia have quarantined 100 people after a teenager died of Ebola in the capital, Monrovia.
A former Scout leader who sexually abused boys over a 40-year period has been jailed for 12 years.
A former World War Two prisoner of war has died aged 100.
A team of historians has identified 25 descendants of Leonardo da Vinci, 500 years after his death.
The number of soldiers injured during live firing exercises at a Northumberland military range has risen to 72 in the past year.
A man who murdered his father with 26 stab wounds has been jailed for life.
David Florence won his first individual world title for five years as he triumphed in the men's canoe slalom C1 at the 2017 Championships in
The head of a Catholic multi-academy trust which runs 14 schools has been suspended following an Ofsted inspection.
Sir Stirling Moss has been discharged from hospital in London after a month-long stay following a serious chest infection.
Lancashire Police has announced plans to save a further £20m over the next three years.
A 13-year-old girl has gone viral after she helped deliver her baby brother in a North Carolina hospital.
Radio 4's Saturday Review will continue for the time being, the BBC has confirmed.
The Oscars ceremony has been the most tweeted about event in the history of the social media platform, according to Twitter.
Wales could face a tougher 2019 World Cup pool if they fail to beat Ireland and France in the Six Nations, says Paul Williams.
US President Donald Trump has held a fundraiser for his 2020 re-election campaign at his Washington hotel.
Hampshire captain James Vince helped his side to a strong position in their County Championship Division Two match against Sussex at Hove.
Britain's Stephen Milne claimed a surprise silver medal in the men's 400m freestyle at the World Championships in Kazan.
Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) has unveiled a prototype of a computer it says could be the first to tackle big data in real time.
Scotland goes to the polls on Thursday to elect 59 MPs in the 2015 General Election.
A £100m plan to revamp a key road in Swansea city centre has been branded "fraught with problems" by the opposition.
A £2m fortune left by a scientist who invented the touch screen has been given to the Royal Society after a High Court battle.
The spread of Ebola to the capital of Guinea is a "worrisome" development, aid workers say.
The quality of water at 17 Scottish beaches has been rated as "poor" under new European standards.
At least 42 people have died in China after being stung by hornets, local officials say.
Zebre have denied reports they are in talks with Pro12 organisers about withdrawing from the competition.
One person has died and another is in a critical condition after a crash on the A34 in Berkshire.
The number of times local authorities have sent in bailiffs to collect unpaid Council Tax has risen by 40% in the last two years, according to research.
Dwain Chambers' team-mate Harry Aikines-Aryeetey will compete for Great Britain at the World Indoor Championships in Portland.
Seven men have gone on trial accused of sexually abusing girls as young as 12 in Bristol and elsewhere in the UK.
The Scottish government has said it is disappointed that a £10bn investment deal with Chinese firms has collapsed.
Everyone has at least 400 genetic flaws in their DNA, according to a study of 179 people.
Australia's second-largest river has peaked at its highest level in 40 years after being swollen by floodwaters from Cyclone Debbie.
A woman who stabbed her 71-year-old partner to death after a row over a Christmas card has been jailed for life.
More than 150 organisations have backed Australian Football League star Adam Goodes, who has been the target of racial abuse from fans.
A family has returned to their home for the first time since a sinkhole appeared under their road.
The Northern Ireland Executive is to hold an emergency meeting to discuss the recent spate of road deaths.
The chief constable of Gloucestershire Police has said he is "not worried" about the force's financial future despite a predicted £20m budget cut.
Solihull Council has approved plans for 31 new pitches for travellers across the borough.
About 100 homes are still without gas after a water leak flooded gas pipes in a village.
Two senior Welsh Labour AMs have announced they will not seek re-election in 2016, after 16 and 17 years in the assembly.
The pace of recovery in the Scottish economy slowed in the final quarter of 2015, according to the latest Scottish Business Monitor.
Nearly 14% of shops in London sold knives to children in a test-buying operation, trading standards have said.
Dance music star Robert Miles, best known for his 1996 hit Children, has died at the age of 47.
Indian rescuers are searching for survivors in the rubble of a building that collapsed in the southern city of Chennai, killing at least 37 people.
Jack and Emily have retained their positions as the most popular names for babies born in Northern Ireland in 2014.
A 14-year-old girl who killed herself was not bullied online, an inquest has heard.
A £25m restoration project has been launched at Canterbury Cathedral, which is set to include the replacement of its nave roof.
The number of new businesses being set up in Wales has fallen by almost 27% in the past five years, according to new figures.
A school which sent home 140 girls for wearing skirts that were too short has said it has "explicitly" made clear its uniform policy.
The stuntwoman who was killed while filming scenes for the Deadpool 2 movie has been named as Joi "SJ" Harris.
A suicide bomber has killed at least 20 people in a market in northern Afghanistan, officials say.
At least 55 people have died in a road crash in Ghana, officials say.
Paul Lawrie's former Ryder Cup team-mate Colin Montgomerie has warned that the Scots are in danger of losing their golfing identity.
The Irish government has announced plans to sell a 10% stake in its biggest bank, Allied Irish Banks (AIB).
Ariana Grande has cancelled two concerts in London this week as a mark of respect following the Manchester Arena attack.
A property valuation report for 17 homes on the route of HS2 has been lost by a contractor working for the high-speed rail project.
Hampden Park will host matches at the 2020 European Championship after Glasgow was selected as one of 13 host cities.
Former Irish foreign minister Peter Barry has died at the age of 81.
The Philippines' "Iron Lady" of politics, former senator Miriam Defensor Santiago, has died at the age of 71.
A rail operator has blamed "infrastructure problems" for a series of delays which left thousands of commuters stranded.
The number of people whose identities were stolen by fraudsters last year rose by more than 50%, according to a fraud prevention service.
Miles Jupp is to become the new host of BBC Radio 4's The News Quiz, taking over from Sandi Toksvig.
The number of serious further offences committed by high-risk sex offenders and violent criminals under supervision has risen by 27%, official figures show.
The turnout for the 2017 Northern Ireland Assembly election is expected to be above 57%.
More than £2m of cuts to adult social care services in Southampton have been approved by the city council.
A collection of rare Bob Marley concert recordings has been released to mark what would have been the reggae star's 72nd birthday.
Indian anti-corruption campaigner Anna Hazare has ended his 12-day fast after the government said it would accept most of his demands.
A giant black hole at the centre of a nearby galaxy has gone to sleep, astronomers have found.
School janitors are to begin a 24-hour strike on 17 April in a dispute over pay.
Scottish soul singer Alistair McDonald, who had a string of hits in the 1980s, has died aged 62.
Scotland has had its wettest winter on record, according to the Met Office.
A black cab driver who admitted sexually assaulting two women in the back of his taxi has been jailed for six years.
Rory McIlroy won the Deutsche Bank Championship to claim his 25th PGA Tour title and first since 2015.
Alastair Cook has resigned as England Test captain with immediate effect, saying he believes it is the right time for him and the team to move on.
Joe Medicine Crow, a Crow Indian who was one of the last surviving war chiefs of his tribe, has died aged 102.
Manchester United have signed England Under-21 international Luke Shaw from Southampton for a fee that could rise to £31m.
A World War Two veteran who survived the atomic bomb dropped on Nagasaki has died aged 97.
The government has announced plans to introduce an individual electoral register by 2014, replacing the current household system.
The Australian arm of global convenience store chain 7-Eleven has announced the resignation of its top two executives amid a wage scandal.
Don McLean and The Dubliners are to be honoured with special awards at this year's BBC Radio 2 Folk Awards.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher on Wednesday, helped by a strong services sector PMI report for April.
A vicar has held a Christmas service for pets and their owners in a bid to raise money for a local hospice.
The number of people needing long-term care is set to double by 2030, according to a report from the Alzheimer's Disease International.
The Africa Cup of Nations will be played in June and July from 2019, African football's governing body Caf has confirmed.
The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) has said it is concerned about the proposed merger of mobile operators O2 and Three.
A 90-year-old man has been left "devastated" after being charged £160 for spending extra time at his wife's grave.
A US state attorney has been stripped of 22 murder cases after she said she would not seek the death penalty for a man accused of killing a police officer.
A new £1bn tax collection body will be set up in Wales from 2018, the Welsh government has announced.
The US has agreed to buy 32 tonnes of heavy water from Iran, in a move that could ease tensions between the two countries.
A 15-year-old girl who went missing after a day at college has been found dead with "extremely brutal" injuries, police said.
Guernsey's mountain bikers will have the chance to compete at the 2019 Island Games after the sport was reinstated.
Valentine's Day is celebrated on 14 February every year.
A man who was shot dead by police after a 12-hour stand-off was armed with an imitation gun, the IPCC has said.
A 15-year-old boy who stabbed a man in west London has been given a custodial sentence despite being under the age of criminal responsibility.
About 100 staff have been left homeless after a fire at a nightclub in Preston.
Sammy Watt wants to be back in the Scotland squad for the 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign.
Sport climbing is set to become an Olympic sport for the first time at the 2020 Games in Tokyo.
The IPCC has launched an investigation into 10 officers from South Yorkshire Police over their handling of child sexual exploitation.
McLaren are not "not focused" on improving their Formula 1 performance despite a difficult season, says team chairman Ron Dennis.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone says the new qualifying system for 2016 will not be ready for the start of the season.
Liverpool have agreed a £29m deal to sign Hoffenheim forward Roberto Firmino, subject to a work permit.
A Harris Tweed company is to create 20 new jobs after securing funding support.
Irish voters are choosing their next government in a general election on 26 February.
The amount of spam sent to people's inboxes has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, according to security firm Symantec.
Salford Red Devils have criticised the Rugby Football League for not taking action against Huddersfield's Danny Brough over a tackle on Greg Johnson.
Microsoft has restricted access to the Windows Store for users of its Windows 10 Pro software.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens has been named best movie at the 2016 MTV Movie Awards.
A sixth man has been arrested over the death of a man shot by police during a car chase on the M62 in West Yorkshire.
Girls as young as 10 are being asked to take part in a campaign to end sexual harassment in schools.
A man who was cleared of rape after a 10-year legal battle has said he has "no life" because of a sex offender order.
Two people have been killed and more than 40 injured after an Amtrak train derailed in Pennsylvania, US officials say.
China has announced it will close its domestic ivory market by the end of 2017, in a move that could help save African elephants.
A woman has denied murdering a 90-year-old blind woman in her Fife home and stealing from her over a six-year period.
Two 13-year-olds have been arrested on suspicion of murder after the bodies of a woman and a girl were found at a house in Lincolnshire.
Eastleigh were unable to take advantage of 10-man Woking as the National League strugglers held on for a vital victory.
A 14-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with raping a 12-year-old girl in a park.
Karen Danczuk has announced she is standing to be a Labour MP in the 8 June general election.
The co-creator of The Simpsons, Sam Simon, has died at the age of 59.
Coldplay have announced their seventh album, A Head Full of Dreams, will be released on 4 December.
The trial of Ibrahim Halawa, an Irish citizen being held in Egypt, has been postponed for the 18th time.
A 37-year-old man has been arrested after cannabis plants were seized during a police raid in Perth.
Paul Hollywood says he is "really excited" about The Great British Bake Off moving to Channel 4 next year.
Glamorgan batsman Aneurin Donald says the county can go all the way in the T20 Blast after reaching the quarter-finals.
The final flight of a 40-year-old Trislander aircraft with a famous red nose has landed.
A man who was given a 10-year Sexual Risk Order (SRO) after being cleared of rape says it has left him homeless and unable to claim benefits
More than 40 firefighters are tackling a large fire at a recycling plant in Newry.
A man arrested in England over the IRA murder of a Co Armagh man 18 years ago has been charged with kidnap.
More than 100 cases of a stomach bug have been reported across the South West, health officials have said.
Chinese authorities have detained 18 people in a crackdown on Crown Resorts, the Australian casino giant.
Thailand has transferred more than 50 police officers suspected of involvement in human trafficking as part of a crackdown on the trade.
At least 14 people have been killed in China after Typhoon Soudelor made landfall, bringing torrential rain and winds of up to 23
More than 100 prospective European students have withdrawn their applications to Aberystwyth University since the Brexit vote, the university has said.
The 200-year-old herbal remedies used by Sir Walter Scott are to be revealed during a series of spring festivals.
William Dunlop and Derek McGee were the big winners at the Tandragee 150 road races on Sunday.
Valentino Rossi won the San Marino Grand Prix at Misano to end his 35-race winless streak in MotoGP.
Seven men have been jailed for up to 15 years for a "terrifying" attack on a drug dealer who was stabbed 10 times.
The new version of the classic comedy Whisky Galore has been given a 12A rating by the British Board of Film Classification (BBFC).
A proposed £34bn high-speed rail link between Leeds and Manchester should include stops in Bradford and York, a report has said.
Wales missed the chance to go top of their Euro 2017 qualifying group as they drew with Israel.
A remote Scottish island has switched on a new 24-hour electricity supply for the first time in 30 years.
The founder of the micronation Sealand, which was set up on a platform in the North Sea in 1967, has died aged 81.
The health minister has intervened in a row over £10m of underfunding in learning disability services in the north west.
The remains of a chapel built by Richard III to commemorate a battle he won have been discovered, archaeologists believe.
Aldershot were unable to make their first-half dominance count as they were held by 10-man York at the Recreation Ground.
Algeria have appointed Manuel Alcaraz as their new coach for the 2018 World Cup qualifiers and 2019 Africa Cup of Nations.
A bride whose wedding dress went missing after being sent for dry cleaning has been reunited with it 10 weeks later.
Scotland's Steph Twell is the leading Briton in the senior women's team for the European Cross Country Championships
A new steel processing business is to create 20 jobs after securing funding from the Welsh Government.
Andy Carroll could return to action for West Ham in their Premier League game against Newcastle on 24 October.
Hampshire have re-signed South Africa fast bowler Fidel Edwards for the 2017 season.
The BBC will bring you extensive coverage of the 41st Ryder Cup from 29 September to 1 October.
US actor Daniel "Danny" Goldman, who played Boba Fett in Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back, has died aged 88.
A Taiwanese bus driver who killed 25 people in a fiery crash in July was planning to commit suicide, police say.
Essex lead by 47 runs with one wicket remaining after Leicestershire's second innings closed on 243 at Chelmsford.
A retired GP in Shropshire is being investigated by police over allegations of sexual abuse dating back more than 40 years.
Harlequins have signed former American football player Psalm Wooching on a short-term deal for the World Club 10s tournament in Mauritius.
A toddler who fell 40 storeys from a Minneapolis apartment building is recovering in hospital after surviving the fall.
Ernest "Ernie" Capito has left his position as chief operating officer of McLaren Racing after just six months.
A 16-year-old boy has revealed how he spends 25 minutes photoshopping his spots and double chin before posting a selfie online.
The UK car industry enjoyed its fifth consecutive year of record sales in 2016, according to the industry body.
Chinese women's footballers will compete in Germany's fifth tier in the 2017-18 season, according to the regional league's executive.
Germany is the biggest economy in Europe, and the fourth largest in the world.
A mother accused of murdering her adopted daughter told a court her eldest son was the "prime candidate" for the toddler's death.
Yorkshire were left with a deficit of 91 runs at the end of day one of their Division One County Championship match against Nottinghamshire.
At least 20 people have been killed by a car bomb in northern Iraq, officials say.
The family of US comedian Joan Rivers has reached a settlement with a clinic where she died in September 2014 at the age of 81.
At least 34 people have been killed in an attack by Islamic State (IS) militants on a police base in the Iraqi city of Tikrit, officials say
People born in 1915 are living longer and healthier lives than those born a decade earlier, a study suggests.
Police searching for a 73-year-old man missing from Aberdeen have found his car at the back of a city quayside building.
Sickness levels among ambulance staff in Wales have fallen for the first time in three years, according to the latest figures.
A man who provided a list of 1,351 US military and federal employees to Islamic State (IS) militants has pleaded guilty.
The death toll from landslides triggered by torrential rain in western Japan has risen to 37, officials say.
No drugs testing has been carried out on Spanish footballers since March 2016, according to the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada).
Edinburgh head coach Alan Solomons believes his side have closed the gap on Glasgow Warriors after their double derby success.
A hospital trust has reported 22 cases of cancer patients being "lost to follow-up" since 2011, including three deaths.
Morecambe have released midfielder Mark Hughes, 31, whose career is over after a third knee injury.
A Russian helicopter has crashed in Siberia, killing 21 people, officials say.
Thousands of steel workers have taken part in a 24-hour strike to protest against cheap imports from China.
John Agard has been awarded the Queen's Gold Medal for Poetry 2015
The Daily Mail has paid tribute to its former astrology columnist Jonathan Cainer, who has died aged 59.
Spanish rider Ivan Goia Maeso will make his return to the North West 200 on 11-14 May.
A forensic scientist is hoping to solve a 86-year-old murder mystery by using new DNA techniques.
A man who was shot in a nightclub 13 years ago has died after suffering injuries that left him bedridden.
The number of births in Scotland has increased for the first time since 2008, according to figures from National Records of Scotland.
A Grade II-listed building which was once a hospital has been destroyed by a "well developed" fire.
Gareth Southgate has turned down the chance to be England's interim manager until the end of 2018.
People with small pension pots are paying up to 10 times more in exit fees than those with larger funds, according to Citizens Advice.
High-Rise, starring Jeremy Irons, has been shortlisted for seven awards at the relaunched Evening Standard British Film Awards.
A 20-year-old man has been found guilty of grooming two 14-year-old girls in a "protracted" child sex case.
India and Pakistan have agreed to hold talks on 25 August, the first since the election of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi in May.
Tracks which could be more than 100 years old have been discovered beneath a Nottingham road.
The Northern Ireland environment minister has overturned a decision by Causeway Coast and Glens Borough Council to reject a £20m wind farm.
The UK government has confirmed it is interested in bidding to host the 2022 Commonwealth Games.
Concerns have been raised about the 111 non-emergency helpline, with claims staff are "exhausted" and "falling asleep
North Korea has executed at least 15 senior officials since January, South Korea's National Intelligence Service (NIS) has said.
Manny Pacquiao will fight WBO super-featherweight champion Chris Vargas on 8 November, his manager has confirmed.
At least nine people have died in floods in the Indian Ocean island of Mauritius, officials say.
Great Britain's Olympic champion Nicola Adams will begin her Rio 2016 campaign against a bye in the women's flyweight division.
More than 150 cars were found abandoned after passengers using a supposed parking firm at Gatwick Airport were left stranded.
Ireland's World Twenty20 qualifying campaign got off to a disappointing start as they lost to Bangladesh by 24 runs in Colombo.
A second body has been found during a search for a missing 22-year-old woman whose disappearance led to the arrest of a man.
A refugee who fled the Democratic Republic of Congo has said he was offered a "tiny" council house by Luton Borough Council.
The Democratic race for the White House is still on, despite Hillary Clinton winning the majority of delegates in Saturday's primaries.
Ambulance chiefs are hoping to recruit 500 new paramedics to help improve the service's performance.
The Hamilton Flute Band was formed in Londonderry in 1914, just weeks before the outbreak of World War One.
An Indian man who says he was jailed in Pakistan for 30 years for spying has been allowed to return home.
The Police Ombudsman's office has received a complaint about the 1993 Shankill Road bombing, it has confirmed.
Brendon McCullum's Test career ended on 74 as New Zealand fought to avoid a series whitewash against Australia.
Bosnian Serbs have overwhelmingly backed a referendum on celebrating the 25th anniversary of their state's declaration of independence.
A 13-year-old boy with a tumour in his jaw must be operated on within days or he will die, a judge has ruled.
Gunmen have kidnapped 30 Afghan Shia Muslims in southern Afghanistan, officials say.
More than 150 scientists have called for the 2016 Olympics in Rio to be postponed or moved because of the Zika virus.
About 100 cars have been destroyed in a fire at a derelict factory, which is thought to have been started deliberately.
A council has been told to "rapidly improve" its primary schools after Ofsted found it was still failing to tackle poor performance.
Hundreds of Rwandans have protested outside the British High Commission in Kigali against the arrest of a senior Rwandan general.
California officials have dropped a plan to cut petrol use in cars by half by 2030, amid opposition from the oil industry.
Ryanair is to create 10 new routes from Glasgow and Edinburgh airports as part of a £100m investment in Scotland.
Two French pilots who escaped from house arrest in the Dominican Republic and flew back to France have been arrested, police say.
Women who have had their tonsils or appendix removed may be more likely to get pregnant, a study suggests.
A £1bn City Deal for Cardiff could be agreed by the end of the year, according to a council report.
A 48-year-old man who was cleared of rape after a trial last year has said he is "amazed" police sought a court order against him.
(Close): A fall in shares of Sky dragged the FTSE 100 lower, despite the satellite broadcaster reporting strong results.
Bombardier is in talks with Delta Air Lines about a deal for up to 130 of its C Series passenger jets, according to reports.
Merseyrail services have been brought to a halt by a 24-hour strike by drivers and station staff.
2017 has been named the Year of Legends by the Welsh Government.
Japanese woman Misao Okawa has died aged 117, Guinness World Records has confirmed.
Yorkshire have re-signed New Zealand captain Kane Williamson for the second half of the 2016 English season.
At least 100 wildfires are raging in northern Spain, with 1,500 firefighters battling to bring them under control.
A group of Welsh campaigners has travelled to the UN climate change conference in Paris to urge the Welsh Government to "step up" its efforts.
McLaren Automotive has announced it will create 250 new jobs at its Surrey factory as it expands production of its luxury sports cars.
Leinster ran in six tries as they comfortably beat Zebre at the RDS Arena to move back into third place in the Pro12.
A £1m grant has been awarded to Ferguson Marine Engineering Limited (FMEL) to help fund a major refurbishment of its Port Glasgow shipyard.
Cardiff Blues head coach Danny Wilson hailed his side's character after they came from behind to beat Edinburgh.
Formula 1 has signed a deal with Snapchat to broadcast highlights of the 2016 season on the messaging app.
Glasgow Warriors have signed Scotland-eligible New Zealand back Sean Maitland from Super Rugby side the Chiefs.
Brazilian footballer Elano has become the latest celebrity to quit ITV's The Jump after suffering an ankle injury.
Messi has finally met the boy who captured the world's attention with his homemade Barcelona shirt.
A 12-year-old girl is among 14 people injured in a shooting at a vigil in Chicago, police say.
Facebook has apologised after a grieving father complained that a "Year in Review" app had included a picture of his dead daughter.
Derbyshire are in a strong position to beat Worcestershire after bowling out the hosts for 164 in their first innings.
Two men suspected of helping the Paris attackers have been arrested in Austria, prosecutors say.
Seventeen-year-old cellist Sophie van der Heijden has been crowned BBC Young Musician 2014.
Cardiff-based artist Bedwyr Williams has won the 2015 Artes Mundi prize for contemporary art.
Jolyon Palmer will remain with Renault for the 2017 Formula 1 season, the team have confirmed.
The trial of an Irish teenager detained in Egypt for more than two years has been adjourned for the 15th time.
A Cornish company has raised £1m to explore for lithium in the groundwater of the far west of the county.
A murder investigation into the death of a Glasgow woman 11 years ago is to be reopened.
Haas have revealed their 2017 Formula 1 car, which they hope will help them build on their impressive debut season last year.
The Scottish government has published a contract notice for the design of a 29-mile section of the A96 dualling programme.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended lower as mining shares were hit by falling metals prices.
Drivers in the UK face more than 20,000 "traffic hotspots" on the roads, according to a new study.
Hollywood actors have voted to authorise a strike over a dispute with video game companies.
A 19th Century painting by Paul Cezanne is to remain in the UK after the government stepped in to stop its export.
S Club 7 have announced details of their 2015 arena tour.
The number of cyclists who have had their bikes stolen by muggers has risen by 20% in London over the past year.
French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius is hosting a meeting in Paris on Wednesday of ministers from 22 countries to discuss the fight against so-called Islamic State (IS
Jeremy Corbyn has promised £200m of investment to boost the economy of coastal towns in Kent if he is re-elected Labour leader.
A swimming pool was evacuated after a chemical incident which saw 130 people leave a leisure centre.
Facebook has revealed that the US government demanded access to 381 of its users' accounts in a fraud investigation.
Leicestershire have signed all-rounder Kevin O'Brien for the T20 Blast competition, which starts on 10 July.
Ukraine's gay-rights campaigners have held their first ever public march in Kiev, despite a ban and threats of violence.
The former BHS owner who bought the retailer for £1 has been fined £1,000 for speeding.
Paul Heckingbottom has signed a new three-year deal to remain as Barnsley manager after their promotion to the Championship.
The Welsh government is to propose a radical shake-up of local government, with a return to eight county councils.
A £15m deal has been struck to turn a derelict Belfast building into a 100-bedroom hotel.
Daimler is investigating whether its diesel cars may have been fitted with software that could distort emissions tests, the carmaker has said.
The Australian Senate has been sworn in with One Nation leader Pauline Hanson elected for the first time since 1998.
Police investigating the disappearance of a three-year-old girl 34 years ago have released a new e-fit of a man they want to trace.
Former Welsh Secretary Ann Clwyd has performed a U-turn and will stand for re-election in the Cynon Valley at the 2015 general
The number of people dying around Scotland's coastline has reached a four-year high, according to the Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI).
Rangers will face Celtic in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden on 15 April, the Scottish FA has confirmed.
A man has become the first person to swim the length of the River Severn in one go.
Two 17-year-old boys who died after falling from cliffs in North Yorkshire have been named by their families.
South Africa has halted the deportation of 200 African migrants to their home countries after a court challenge.
A £16m research programme into dementia is being launched in Wales, with the aim of finding a cure by 2025.
A 100-year-old sea turtle has been fitted with a 3D-printed prosthetic beak after it lost part of its mouth in
A teenager who was sexually abused by a 30-year-old man has spoken out to encourage other victims to come forward.
Kent Women's Cricket Club captain Charlotte Edwards has announced she will retire from the game at the end of the 2016 season.
A series of events is to be held to mark the 500th anniversary of the construction of a castle that inspired Shakespeare.
The Davis Cup and Fed Cup finals will be held in the same week in November 2018, tennis's world governing body has announced.
A memorial service has been held to mark the 25th anniversary of the murder of a police officer by the IRA.
Clara Amfo is to take over the Radio 1 Official Chart Show from Jameela Jamil.
Files relating to the Orgreave coking plant clashes during the 1984 miners' strike are to be released in 2017, the Home
A former Olympic athlete has celebrated his 99th birthday with a party attended by more than 100 friends.
A man who drove at speeds of up to 140mph on the A483 in Powys has been given a suspended jail sentence.
A £12m office development in Wolverhampton has been given the go-ahead.
A council has apologised after some staff were underpaid by up to £500 in the first live pay run of a new system.
Carlos Sainz will remain at Toro Rosso for the 2017 Formula 1 season, Red Bull have confirmed.
Two teeth belonging to King John, who granted Magna Carta to the barons 800 years ago, are to go on display.
At least 20 people have been killed by a suicide bomber at a dog-fighting competition in southern Afghanistan, officials say.
The University of Lincoln is to receive £10m to help develop a new health science centre.
Canadian rapper Drake has scored his 11th consecutive week at number one on the UK singles chart.
Samsung is to release a new version of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone, nine months after the original model was scrapped over safety fears.
Former Frome Town manager Mark Cooper has been given a 12-month ban from football by the Football Association.
Edinburgh have tied Scotland Under-20 international Blair Kinghorn to a new two-year contract until May 2018.
Paula Nickolds has been appointed as the new managing director of John Lewis department stores, the retailer has announced.
The Irish government has pardoned a man who was executed 75 years ago for a murder he may not have committed.
Snooker is to bid to be included in the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
Leicester Riders' Great Britain forward Daniel Sullivan has announced his retirement from basketball at the age of 36.
About 100 teachers have walked out of schools in Powys in protest at plans to reorganise secondary education in the county.
Three former care workers have been jailed for a total of 37 years for sexually abusing boys at a school in the 1970s.
Celtic players paid tribute to a 13-year-old boy who died after suffering a cardiac arrest while playing football.
A Nigerian man who enrolled at primary school at the age of 92 has died, his teacher has told the BBC.
Hampshire captain Will Smith made 209 as they dominated Lancashire on day two of their County Championship match at Southampton.
More than 60 jobs are to go at a truck manufacturing plant in North Lanarkshire.
A 90-year-old woman has been left "extremely upset" after a man posing as a roofer stole her life savings.
A proposal by the European Commission to oversee clinical trials in Europe would undermine patient safety, German doctors say.
The Colombian government has asked the US to provide an update on an investigation into allegations that US soldiers sexually abused minors in the country.
A 14-year-old girl has said Prince William told her "you can't beat a good selfie on Christmas Day" after she asked him for a photo
A £2m scheme to help people with mental health problems get involved in sport has been launched.
People who are overweight are now less likely to die early than those who are a normal weight, a study suggests.
Shares in Stanley Gibbons have jumped more than 15% after the stamp dealer said it was considering a sale of the business.
The Royal Troon Golf Club has voted to admit female members for the first time in its 137-year history.
Glamorgan beat Gloucestershire by three wickets in a high-scoring T20 Blast South Group match at Bristol.
Scarlets came from behind to beat 14-man Leinster and record their first Pro12 win of the season at Parc y Scarlets.
Fast bowler Lasith Malinga has been ruled out of Sri Lanka's World Twenty20 defence in India because of a knee injury.
A 24-year-old man who killed a man in a street attack in Edinburgh has been jailed for five years.
Great Britain's Laura Trott says the women's team pursuit squad will target a world record at the London Track Cycling World Cup in December.
At least 47 people have died in the Philippines after Typhoon Bopha hit the southern part of the country, officials say.
Up to 40 foreign women are working as prostitutes in pop-up brothels in Swindon every week, police have said.
Newcastle United manager Steve McClaren says the club will continue to spend heavily in the transfer market.
Gary Neville and Ryan Giggs have asked for more time to revise plans for a £350m Manchester city centre development.
A soldier from the Yorkshire Regiment has been killed in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has announced.
Home Depot says hackers stole email addresses belonging to 56 million customers in a data breach that hit its network between April and September.
The veteran Congolese opposition leader Etienne Tshisekedi has died in Brussels aged 84, his party says.
A turbulent flight from Toronto to Hong Kong left 27 people injured, including one with a broken neck.
Glamorgan batsman Jacqué Rudolph has signed a new contract to stay at the county until the end of the 2016 season.
The chief executive of a council at the centre of a financial investigation has resigned after 10 years in the role.
A hospital trust rated "inadequate" by health inspectors has been given £20.5m to spend on improving services.
(Close): The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed at a record high for the 13th day in a row, boosted by hopes of more spending from President Trump.
The deadline for registering to vote in the 7 May general election is less than two weeks away.
The NFL has announced that Tottenham Hotspur Stadium will host two games in 2018, with the first taking place in October.
Scarlets secured a first win in four games as they beat 10-man Ulster at Parc y Scarlets.
A prisoner who claimed he was "stressed" after losing some toiletries in prison has been awarded £815 in compensation.
Amir Khan says mixed martial arts is "hitting some high numbers" and could become as big as boxing.
A theatre is celebrating its 150th anniversary with a special performance of its annual pantomime.
A virtual version of Scotland's highest mountain has been created by Ordnance Survey (OS) to mark its 225th anniversary.
Former Scotland badminton number one Kirsten Rundgren has announced her retirement from the sport at the age of 27.
Pakistan thrashed Ireland by 266 runs in the first of their two one-day internationals in Dubai.
The number of police officers in Wales has fallen by 10% since the Conservatives came to power in 2010, Plaid Cymru has claimed.
China's decision to pull out of a £1bn investment deal with the Scottish government will not have a long-term impact, experts have said.
Lancashire were in trouble at 32-5 before a rain-affected second day of their Division Two match against Middlesex.
Nearly all owners of Volkswagen diesel cars fitted with defeat devices are concerned about fuel efficiency, a survey suggests.
A new £12m station on the Great Eastern Main Line has opened to passengers for the first time.
Jamie Webb won his first British senior title as he broke the 20-year-old 400m freestyle record at the national championships.
About 100 students were treated in hospital after a suspected chemical was released in a college building.
Girls aged between five and 14 spend an extra four hours a week on household chores compared to boys, according to a new report.
A married BBC Radio presenter and his wife have been charged with a string of historical sex offences against boys.
A 37-year-old man wanted on suspicion of murdering a PSNI officer in County Armagh in 2012 has been arrested in Donegal
Calderdale Council has announced a £5m package to help residents and businesses recover from the Boxing Day floods.
A 12th Century castle in Cardigan has reopened to the public after a £10m restoration project.
Scotland were beaten by 96 runs in their first one-day international against Pakistan since 2006.
The number of missing children reported to police in Gwent has risen by more than 20% in a year, according to new figures.
A memorial service has been held to mark the 40th anniversary of a V-bomber crashing into houses, killing five children.
Worcestershire batsman Alex Gidman has been forced to retire at the age of 34 because of a finger injury.
Only one in 20 drugs being tested to treat Alzheimer's disease are successful, say researchers.
A man who carried out an armed robbery while under the influence of drugs and alcohol has been jailed for more than three years.
About 150 people were evacuated from their homes after a "serious gas leak" in south-east London.
The RMT union has announced it is to ballot its 400 members at Southern Rail for industrial action over claims of "intimidatory" working practices.
Phyllida Barlow has been chosen to represent Britain at the 2017 Venice Biennale.
Two soldiers who died in the Battle of the Scheldt in the Netherlands during World War Two have been given a final military send-off, 71 years later.
A 12th Century castle in Norfolk, a 17th Century shipwreck and a 19th Century pub are among 60 sites at risk
Zoe Smith won her first Commonwealth Games gold medal as she triumphed in the women's -63kg weightlifting event in Glasgow.
Schools in a South African township have been closed for a week after a 15-year-old pupil was shot dead in the playground.
A woman facing deportation to Zambia has been given a temporary reprieve after a last-minute intervention by the Home Office.
A £100m plan to redevelop a key town centre site in Northampton has been scrapped.
There are approximately 40 vacant radiologist posts in Northern Ireland's health service, the BBC has learned.
Jonathan Sexton could return to action for Leinster in their Pro12 game against Ulster at the Ravenhill on Friday.
A council has drawn up plans to sell off more than 100 of its buildings and land over the next four years.
A £10m Aberdeen-based shipping firm has been rescued from administration, with a new company taking over its assets.
A school which planned to let pupils leave early to watch England's Euro 2016 match has reversed the decision.
A 90-year-old woman died after being "shoved" by an automatic supermarket door, an inquest heard.
Widnes Vikings have tied down full-back Rhys Hanbury to a new three-year contract.
A major diversion of the A8 is in place as part of the £500m M8/M73/M74 improvements project.
A £2m government scheme to encourage parents to take parenting classes was a "disastrous failure", Labour has claimed.
A 101-year-old woman who was mugged in Haringey, north London, has said she is afraid to go home.
McDonald's has extended its sponsorship deal with the International Olympic Committee until 2020.
A tattoo artist who secretly filed women in his studio has been jailed for 20 months.
At least 26 people were injured on a China Eastern Airlines flight from Paris to China when the plane hit severe turbulence, state media say.
A steel firm in Newport has gone into administration with the loss of 101 jobs.
Scotland were well beaten by Hong Kong in a rain-affected Twenty20 international in Hong Kong.
A 16-year-old boy who raped two girls in North Lanarkshire has been jailed for five years.
Photo messaging app Snapchat has priced its shares at $17 each ahead of its stock market debut.
A hospital trust has admitted up to 1,000 patients may have been missed from waiting lists.
A book that was 83 years overdue has been returned to Dublin's Marino Library.
The US is sending 300 paratroopers to Ukraine to train local forces, the US Army has announced.
Protesters have gathered to sing and chant in support of a tree threatened with felling in Sheffield.
A woman was trapped under a bus for about 45 minutes after it crashed into a building in west London.
Storm Abigail is set to bring gusts of up to 80mph to parts of the UK on Friday.
India and Bangladesh have signed a landmark deal to exchange more than 50 enclaves that have divided their populations for decades.
Ulster have cancelled the signing of South African forward Arno Botha because of concerns over his fitness.
Shares in Anglo American have jumped more than 8% after it emerged that an Indian billionaire is planning to buy a 12% stake in the mining giant.
Libyan authorities say they have found at least 19 bodies in two mass graves in Tripoli.
A 300-year-old stately home which is the UK's largest private house is to be sold for an undisclosed sum.
The UK's telecoms regulator Ofcom has said it has "serious concerns" about the proposed merger of O2 and Three.
BBC Two is celebrating its 40th anniversary with a special episode of Goodness Gracious Me.
A bun throwing ceremony to mark the Queen's 90th birthday has taken place in Oxfordshire.
The NHS is facing an "unprecedented" financial crisis with deficits of more than £600m, a leading health think-tank has warned
The World Health Organization (WHO) says Africa has gone two years without a case of wild polio virus.
Formula 1's new commercial agreement has been agreed in principle, BBC Sport understands.
Kenya's Mary Keitany won her third New York Marathon title in a row to equal the record set by the great Grete Waitz.
Shares in John Menzies have jumped more than 10% after the logistics firm agreed to buy US-based aviation services company Asig for £15
Auctioneers are selling off £1m worth of gold seized by customs officers in Northern Ireland.
The Scottish government has said that country sports are worth £155m to the economy.
Mobile network O2 has said it is investigating a claim that the personal data of 2,000 of its customers is being sold online for £100.
A Dundee mother-of-13 is set to take part in a new 5K fundraising event for Cancer Research UK - as a grandmother-to-be
The Tunisian media landscape has changed dramatically since the 2011 revolution that ousted President Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali.
Police Scotland has confirmed that 61 frontline police stations will lose their public counters from 1 April.
Louis Smith has been crowned the winner of Strictly Come Dancing: The Christmas Special 2015.
More than 300 jobs have been saved at a troubled steel firm, administrators have confirmed.
A fraudster who conned Mercedes-Benz into paying him £100,000 has been jailed for 30 months.
Red Bull have welcomed the takeover of Formula 1 by Liberty Media, saying it is a positive step for the sport.
The 100 Women season is now live.
A 26-year-old man has been charged with the murder of a primary school teacher whose body was found at a hotel.
Former England goalkeeper Peter Shilton has criticised Wayne Rooney's role in the national team, saying he is "not a midfield player".
A message in a bottle sent by two Swedish children 22 years ago has finally reached its destination.
A man has died after being struck by a car on the A78 near Kilmarnock.
England Under-19 all-rounder Liam Dawson says he is not concerned about safety ahead of the ICC World Cup in Bangladesh.
Chinese tech giant Lenovo has reported a 23% rise in quarterly profit, helped by strong sales of its smartphones and tablets.
Southampton ended a 27-year wait for a Premier League win at Old Trafford as they beat Manchester United.
A couple who lost £500 for their wedding at a hotel that suddenly closed are "stressed and upset" by the situation.
US President Donald Trump has said he is "very thankful" to Russian President Vladimir Putin for cutting the number of US diplomats in Russia.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted rape after a 14-year-old girl reported being attacked in Rochdale.
Derby County have appointed former England youth coach John Peacock as their new first-team assistant manager.
The number of people using public transport in Scotland has fallen by 6% over the last decade, according to a review of the National Transport Strategy.
A memorial to the victims of the biggest non-combat explosion of World War One has been given Grade II listed status.
The creator of the anonymous imageboard 4chan is joining Google.
London schools face a £360m funding black hole if government plans to change the way schools are funded go ahead, a report has warned.
Nico Rosberg has been given a five-second penalty for the way his Mercedes team helped him during the British Grand Prix.
Microsoft has announced the launch of Windows 10, the next version of its operating system, on 29 July.
Austria is set to ban smoking in restaurants and cafes from 2018.
The number of people applying to start university courses in the UK in September has fallen for the third time in four years.
A "major" Roman burial site dating back to about 200 AD has been discovered in Hertfordshire.
A search is continuing for a junior doctor who went missing from her Torquay home on Friday.
The UK construction sector ended 2014 on a downbeat note, with housebuilding showing the biggest fall in output for more than two years.
Nigel Farage has blamed the A1 for missing a BBC Question Time recording in Bradford.
Nicole Kidman says she still feels like a young actress at 50, despite having a successful career spanning 30 years.
A commuter train has derailed in New York, injuring more than 100 people, officials say.
Young people should be made to vote in elections from the age of 16, a think tank has said.
The British woman who survived an attack by Peter Falconio's killer in Australia 15 years ago has returned to the scene of the crime.
Liverpool's Lib Dems have suffered their worst election defeat in 50 years, losing 14 seats to Labour.
Shares in Australia have surged by more than 5% in early trade, following a strong rally on Wall Street on Friday.
The families of two boys whose father was on board missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 have settled their lawsuit against the airline.
A 93-year-old former Royal Navy chaplain has been awarded a medal for his service on the Arctic convoys during World War Two.
A database containing the personal information of more than 267 million people has been leaked online, according to a security expert.
Former Birmingham City manager Harry Goodwin has died at the age of 77.
US musician Arthur Smith, who had a hit with Guitar Boogie in 1948, has died at the age of 93.
A police force has been criticised for using "ploddledegook" in an advert for a new chief constable.
A woman found a 3ft-long snake in her kitchen drawer after it escaped from a neighbour's flat.
Two soldiers from the Irish Guards have been killed in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has said.
A cat that travelled 200 miles in the engine of a van has been found by the RSPCA.
(Close): A sell-off in media stocks dragged the Dow Jones lower on Wednesday.
Former Nicaraguan interior minister Tomas Borge, a key figure in the 1979 Sandinista revolution, has died aged 83.
A loch in Wester Ross has been drained for the first time in 50 years to allow maintenance work to be carried out.
A school bus carrying 26 pupils became stranded in flood water on a road closed due to high water levels.
Mercedes Formula 1 driver Lewis Hamilton will not face any action after riding a motorcycle illegally in New Zealand.
Great Britain's Alexandra Danson has been ruled out of the 2018 Hockey World Cup in London because of a hamstring injury.
The mother of a woman who disappeared 20 years ago has said she is "hopeful" after three men were arrested on suspicion of murder.
A woman who fraudulently claimed her dead mother's pensions for 22 years has been warned she faces jail.
Plans to improve a notorious stretch of the A9 in Caithness will be unveiled later this month.
Brazil's Senate has approved a constitutional amendment to cap public spending for the next 20 years.
Tottenham have had a £15m bid for West Brom striker Saido Berahino rejected, the club have confirmed.
A body has been found in the search for a missing Metropolitan Police officer who went missing 10 days ago.
Vicky Holland's British team-mate Katie Zaferes won the women's World Triathlon Series opener in Abu Dhabi.
The UK's intelligence agency GCHQ has announced it will run four summer schools this year to help teach students about cybersecurity.
Ivory Coast have been given a significant increase in funding for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
Fire stations in Northumberland could lose up to 30 jobs and three stations could close, the county council has warned.
Two poems by Lord of the Rings author JRR Tolkien have been discovered in a school magazine from 1936.
The number of people drinking Welsh craft beer is growing by about 10% a year, according to the industry.
People with type-2 diabetes should be given clear information about the benefits of medication, a study has suggested.
Heavyweight boxer Tyson Fury has been named 2015's Ring magazine fighter of the year.
The Aberdeen-based Wood Group has reported a sharp fall in turnover and profits for the first six months of this year.
Flintshire council is to hold public meetings to discuss how to save £7m from its budget.
Steven Adams is the man of the moment in the NBA play-offs and he is not even the tallest member of his family.
HP has cancelled orders for laptops that were mistakenly listed at prices of up to 99% off on its UK website.
A man has been arrested after stabbing five people in a supermarket in the German city of Hamburg.
Boris Johnson has been criticised for using a figure that is "potentially misleading" in his campaigning for the UK to leave the EU.
At least 107 people have been killed in Saudi Arabia after a crane collapsed on the Grand Mosque in Mecca, officials say.
The Aberdeen bypass project is set to cost £745m, the Scottish government has revealed.
A £1m fund to help police officers suffering from post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) has been announced.
An Arkansas inmate who escaped from prison 32 years ago has been recaptured.
Malaysian police have arrested more than 100 illegal immigrants in a crackdown on suspected terrorists in the capital Kuala Lumpur.
The Guernsey government is to write off £25m of debt owed by the island's airline Aurigny.
Frank Bruno should not be allowed to fight again because of his health problems, says promoter Eddie Hearn.
Bookmakers are set to lose millions of pounds if Leicester City win the Premier League title.
Australia have named an unchanged team for their Pool A match against England at the World Cup on Saturday.
A council accidentally posted online the personal details of 100 vulnerable adults in need of care.
One of India's most famous tigers, Machli, has died at the age of 19.
Hibernian have signed former Scotland international Kris Commons on a short-term deal until January.
The number of people who have contacted police over historical child sex abuse in football has risen by 32% in the past three months, figures show.
Drivers in London could be fined up to Â£200 for littering from their cars under new rules which come into force next month.
A 93-year-old former Auschwitz camp guard has died before his trial over his alleged role at the death camp during World War Two.
The number of councils in Wales charging for pest control services has risen to 15, according to the latest figures.
Tottenham's young guns were given a lesson in European football by Fiorentina, but they still came away with a valuable point.
The Harrogate International Festivals is launching a £1m appeal to mark its 50th anniversary.
The two remaining piers in Blackpool have been sold for an undisclosed sum.
A memorial service has been held in Birmingham to mark the 40th anniversary of the IRA pub bombings which killed 21 people.
A woman who was on a motorbike involved in a crash on the A96 near Huntly has died.
At least 13 people have died in wildfires in Tennessee, US officials have said.
The Queen's 90th birthday has been celebrated in Wales with a series of events and beacons.
Durham beat Leicestershire by 11 runs in a high-scoring One-Day Cup match at Chester-le-Street.
Turkish prosecutors have issued arrest warrants for 112 journalists, including the BBC's Turkish correspondent, Selin Girit.
The Tokyo hotel favoured by world leaders and featured in a James Bond film is to close after 53 years.
The Duchess of Cambridge has visited Luxembourg on her first solo overseas trip since the birth of Prince George.
A Typhoon jet has been painted in the colours of a Hurricane aircraft to mark the 75th anniversary of the Battle of Britain.
The world's biggest oil and gas companies have pledged to help limit global warming to 2C.
Two former employees of a Belfast sex shop have been given suspended jail terms for stealing £1,000 worth of goods from the store.
Events are being held across Wales to mark the 70th anniversary of VJ Day, which marked the end of World War Two.
Lancashire captain Kyle Jarvis took 5-60 as Durham were bowled out for 168 in their first innings on day two at Che
A new railway station in Derbyshire is to open in 2017, the government has confirmed.
A former Rwandan pastor has been sentenced to 25 years in prison for his role in the 1994 genocide.
The first year of Scotland's new tax authority has been declared a success after it collected more than £570m in taxes.
The claim: Air pollution in London last week was worse than it was in Beijing.
More than £25m of City of Culture funding has been allocated to projects in Hull.
A council is in talks with the National Trust about handing over the management of a 17th Century stately home.
A 300th anniversary celebration is being held to mark the completion of a bridge in the Highlands.
A Russian Mi-28 attack helicopter has crashed at an air show near Moscow, killing one pilot and injuring another.
The BBC has announced it will broadcast 24 live streams of the London 2012 Olympics on digital TV platforms.
All lanes of the M6 have been permanently opened between Coventry and Staffordshire in a bid to cut congestion.
Police have arrested 19 men following alleged sectarian incidents at the Scottish Cup semi-final between Celtic and Rangers at Hampden Park.
A coach driver has been hailed a hero after he helped evacuate 60 schoolchildren from a burning double-decker on the M6.
Tube unions have announced three 24-hour strikes over the introduction of a Night Tube service on the Central and Victoria lines.
Ian Bell has signed a new contract with Warwickshire that will keep him at Edgbaston until the end of the 2018 season.
Republican Senator Lindsey Graham has confirmed he is running for the White House in 2016.
A bridge manufacturer has announced it is to close its 150-year-old factory in Chepstow.
Wales manager Chris Coleman admits he cannot prepare his players for the pressure of a Euro 2016 penalty shoot out.
Venezuela's electoral council has banned the main opposition leader Henrique Capriles from holding public office for 15 years.
(Close): Japan's benchmark Nikkei index closed higher on Friday, helped by a rise in the yen against the dollar.
Warwickshire have signed New Zealand batsman Grant Elliott as their overseas player for the 2017 T20 Blast.
David Cameron's cat Larry is "very popular" in Downing Street, a Number 10 spokesman has said.
Joe Ledley has been included in Wales' 23-man squad for Euro 2016 despite a calf injury.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino has signed a new five-year contract at White Hart Lane until 2021.
The Bank of England has announced that the new £5 note will be made of plastic.
Parents are campaigning against a proposed 25% rise in the cost of a bus pass for their children.
A Highlands-based whisky producer has secured a £30m loan from the Bank of Scotland.
Swansea City are interested in signing Italian striker Alberto Paloschi from Serie A side Chievo Verona.
Gregor Townsend will take over as Scotland head coach after the 2017 British and Irish Lions tour of New Zealand.
German rider Christian Saiger set the pace on the opening night of practice for the 2016 Classic TT meeting at the TT course.
Radio 1 has announced that Cel Spellman will present the Official Chart Show from 2016.
Nine pupils were taken to hospital after being affected by a substance at a school in south Wales.
A 10-year-old boy who died after falling ill at home was taken to a hospital 40 miles away, sources have told the BBC.
The Labour candidate for Broxtowe has said he may vote against the HS2 high-speed rail project if he is elected as an MP.
The number of people killed in fires in Scotland has fallen to its lowest level for more than 20 years, according to new figures.
Former Ulster GAA secretary Danny Murphy has died at the age of 70.
John Robertson has been appointed as Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager as they bid to return to the Scottish Premiership at the first attempt.
A mountain of rubbish dumped on a railway line is thought to be the biggest fly-tip in the West Midlands.
West Ham have accepted a £25m bid from Marseille for Dimitri Payet, BBC Sport understands.
Former TV-am presenter Mike Morris has died at the age of 65 after a short illness.
The roof of Cardiff's Principality Stadium will be closed for the 2017 Champions League final on 3 June.
Water companies have benefited from a £1.2bn windfall over the past five years, according to a report by the government's spending watchdog.
Dougie Rae has been appointed St Mirren manager until 2017 after being interviewed for the post on Friday.
The Football Association has announced plans to invest £17m in grassroots football in Liverpool.
The International Olympic Committee is in talks with the sport's governing body over the possibility of professional boxers competing at the 2016 Rio Olympics.
The apple harvest is under way in County Armagh, with growers hoping for a bumper crop after a late spring frost.
The death of Peaches Geldof was the most searched-for news story of 2014, according to Bing.
Two amateur golfers have scored holes-in-one at the same hole during a match in Norfolk.
A member of the aristocracy has been banned from driving for a year after admitting speeding offences in five different locations.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested after a fellow pupil was stabbed to death at a school in Aberdeen.
Former New Zealand international forward Sione Lauaki has died at the age of 33.
Six people have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences in what police have described as a "significant" operation.
Wolverhampton Wanderers have sacked head coach Mauro Zenga after just 67 days in charge.
A 15-year-old girl was allegedly sexually assaulted by several men in Chicago, Illinois, in a live stream on Facebook.
Police have arrested 20 suspected members of the Anonymous hacker group in a coordinated operation across four countries.
Scientists have identified 80 viruses that could have the potential to cause a global pandemic.
The winners of a £148m Euromillions jackpot are to be revealed at a press conference later.
Around 50 workers at a quarry on the west coast of Scotland face redundancy, their union has warned.
Facebook, Google and Twitter have agreed to remove hate speech flagged up by German authorities within 24 hours.
Middlesex have confirmed that South Africa all-rounder Ryan McLaren will miss the rest of their T20 Blast campaign.
Norton Motorcycles have signed Australian rider David Johnson for the 2017 Isle of Man TT races.
Two unfinished developments in Ipswich could be completed within two years, administrators have said.
(Close): A strong rise in Unilever shares helped the FTSE 100 to a fresh record high.
The UK's current account deficit is the biggest it has been since 1988.
A former NHS boss who claimed to have a string of fake qualifications has been jailed for 20 months.
Paul di Resta has been re-signed by Williams as their reserve driver for the 2017 season.
The family of a Catholic man murdered in west Belfast 25 years ago have met police in a bid to re-open the case.
A dog was beaten by burglars who broke into a house and left her paralysed.
The company chosen to run Bristol's £91m arena has been announced.
Spain's unemployment rate fell to its lowest level in five years in the last three months of 2015, official figures show.
Principality Building Society has reported a fall in annual profits as it continues to try to sell off a subsidiary business.
A man has been injured after a shotgun was fired at a wedding reception in Londonderry.
Toto Wolff has sold his final shares in the Williams Formula 1 team, ending his 10-year involvement with the Grove-based outfit.
Somerset batsman Chris Rogers has announced his retirement from cricket after a 19-year career.
More than 13 million children in the Middle East are out of school because of conflict, according to a new report.
Diane Abbott has revealed she has been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes and says it affected her performance during the general election campaign.
Boris Johnson has apologised after accidentally flooring a 10-year-old boy during a game of touch rugby in Tokyo.
A team of designers and engineers has created a prototype "human" heart that can be squeezed and feels like the real thing.
Two Belgian police officers who drove 13 migrants towards the French border have been arrested and held for four hours.
A newlywed couple from Northern Ireland have died while on honeymoon in South Africa.
People who take anti-depressants may be at increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes, a study suggests.
The first of 70 new trains for the Thameslink network has arrived in the UK ahead of passenger services next year.
Sean Lamont is hoping to add to his 104 Scotland caps as he prepares to tour Japan with Vern Cotter's side.
The UK's population is 64 million, according to the Office for National Statistics.
The cost of holiday childcare in Wales has risen by almost 70% in the last year, according to a charity.
A lawyer who defrauded a train company of £19,000 by using an Oyster card to claim he was travelling from London has been jailed for
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, helped by a strong opening for the London market.
Glamorgan will have the upper hand over Nottinghamshire in the T20 Blast quarter-final at Cardiff on 17 August, says bowler Sha
A £10m project to improve Gloucester Cathedral has begun with archaeologists on site to investigate the area around the building.
Footballer Nile Ranger has been released from prison after serving just 28 days of a 28-day sentence.
Cheshire East Council has approved a 3% rise in council tax for 2017/18.
(Close): Wall Street's main indexes ended mixed on Friday, with the Dow Jones just holding on to its record high.
The Northern Ireland Executive is to invest £7m in City of Derry Airport.
The number of households evicted from their homes has reached its highest level since 2007, according to the latest official figures.
Councils in England are to be given new powers to fine people £100 for dropping litter, the government has said.
A 250-year-old pear tree has been named the UK's Tree of the Year for 2015.
A Shetland islander who has worked for more than 80 years has been named Britain's hardest-working man.
At least 16 young men have been found dead in Honduras, in what the authorities say is the worst massacre in the country for 15 years.
A man who admitted possessing and distributing more than 1,000 indecent images of children as young as six months old has been jailed for 20
Jordan Spieth carded a seven-under-par 66 to take a two-shot lead at the halfway stage of the Tournament of Champions in Hawaii
The Raspberry Pi Foundation has sold more than one million of its credit-card sized computers since it was launched four years ago.
Tickets for a star-studded concert to mark the Queen's 90th birthday have sold out in less than six hours.
Andres Romero won the BMW International Open in Germany to claim his second European Tour title.
A business group has accused the Scottish government of dragging its heels over a £10m improvement scheme to a notorious bend on the A9.
The UK economy has slowed to its weakest pace since 2013, according to the CBI business lobby group.
The 12th Inverness Film Festival is to open with the UK premiere of the documentary, The Possibilities are Endless.
A netball and football coach who has inspired hundreds of girls to take up sport has been named BBC Wales' Unsung Hero 2016.
Aidy Boothroyd has been appointed England Under-19 manager on a full-time basis until 2019.
The search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 will now focus on a new area of about 25,000 sq km, Australian officials say.
Wales fans have complained that the official Euro 2016 app does not include their team.
Wales Euro 2016 striker Hal Robson-Kanu is confident he will be fit for the finals in France in June.
The death of a 23-year-old British backpacker who was murdered in Thailand in 2014 was caused by a severe blow to the head, an
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt is confident Johnny Sexton will be fit for the Six Nations opener against Scotland on 5 February.
A driving test examiner who passed on test details to 21 candidates has been given a 240-hour community service order.
Scotland hosted the 12th Homeless World Cup in Glasgow, with the men's and women's teams both winning gold medals.
Linfield came from behind to beat 10-man Coleraine and move top of the Danske Bank Premiership.
A Labour MP has claimed that lowering the voting age to 16 could lead to more sexual abuse.
The Australian pub made famous by the 1986 film Crocodile Dundee has been put up for sale for A$2m ($1.9m;
David Dimbleby will front the BBC's coverage of the 2017 general election results on 8 and 9 June.
Ontlametse Phalatse, a South African teenager who had the rare genetic condition progeria, has died aged 18.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been giving his Instagram followers a glimpse into life at Manchester United.
Wales can surprise at Euro 2016, according to former Scotland manager Craig Brown.
Radio DJ Kenny Cash has marked his 50th year in broadcasting with a special show on BBC Radio Solent
Hockenheim has been the German Grand Prix venue since 2007, but it is not the first time the race has been held in the country.
A double-decker coach carrying 40 people has crashed on the M1 in Bedfordshire, killing three people in a car on the hard shoulder.
A derelict former factory site in Bristol which was once the largest employer in the city could be turned into housing.
The average distance driven by UK motorists has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, according to the Department for Transport.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson has signed a new contract that will keep him at the club until 2020.
A man has died in a flat fire in Kent which also injured eight people.
McLaren have signed British teenager Lando Norris as a test driver for 2018.
Liverpool were the biggest beneficiaries of Euro 2016, receiving £2.9m from Uefa's compensation fund.
The family of a woman murdered 20 years ago have called for a fresh appeal to catch her killer to be brought forward.
A 17-year-old high school football player in Kansas has died after collapsing on the field during a game on Friday.
A former Scottish athlete has claimed that a former Scotland rugby international knew of at least four players who took performance-enhancing drugs.
About 200 military personnel are to be transferred from RAF Wittering in Cambridgeshire to other bases in the UK.
A wedding dress that went missing for more than two months after being sent to a dry cleaner for a £20 clean has been returned.
A former soldier from Pembrokeshire who has lived in the UK for 18 years has been told he must leave the country within 28 days.
Wasps rugby club has raised £15m from supporters buying bonds to help pay off debts and secure its future.
Northern Ireland's 1996 Masters champion Sir Nick Faldo says he would like to compete in the Irish Open at Lough Erne in 20
Chris Coleman says Wales have been handed a "positive" World Cup 2018 qualifying group.
Karim Benzema has been cleared to contact France team-mate Mathieu Valbuena, according to the player's lawyer.
The Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI) has launched a campaign to raise awareness of the dangers of Scotland's coastline.
A man who was killed by a car while walking to work on a Sussex dual carriageway has been named by his family.
Channel 4 has removed its full-length programmes from YouTube after a 10-year deal with the video-sharing site ended.
The Royal Navy's flagship HMS Bulwark has left Gibraltar to join the search for migrants crossing the Mediterranean.
The 20th Commonwealth Games are being held in Glasgow from 23 July to 3 August.
British crime writer Ruth Rendell has died at the age of 85, her publisher has confirmed.
Police forces in Wales have spent an extra £3m on overtime in the last year, according to figures obtained by BBC 5 Live.
Roy Hodgson has named an attacking 23-man squad for Euro 2016, with Manchester United's Marcus Rashford included.
Ian Baraclough has been appointed as Northern Ireland's new Under-21 manager on a deal until 2020.
The future of the last two independent Channel 3 broadcasters in the UK has been thrown into doubt by a possible takeover of one of them.
Police have reopened the investigation into the murder of a woman who was beaten to death in west Belfast 29 years ago.
A married couple of 65 years have died within hours of each other in a hospice, holding hands.
Boca Raton 2015 World Champion Jade Jones says she is in a "great place" to defend her Olympic title in Rio next year.
The number of GPs working in Northern Ireland has fallen by 5% over the past decade, according to the RCGP.
Marks and Spencer chief executive, Marc Bolland, earned a £1.6m bonus last year, according to the company's annual report.
(Close): A rise in mining shares helped the FTSE 100 to its highest close since 2000.
British swimming stars Adam Peaty and Siobhan-Marie O'Connor won individual gold medals on the penultimate day of the European Championships in London
Former Dundee United and Manchester United defender Frank Kopel has died at the age of 67.
Phil Taylor will play Peter Wright in Sunday's World Matchplay final after beating fellow Englishman Adrian Lewis in the semi-finals.
Microsoft has changed the design of a pop-up window that was used to encourage users to upgrade to Windows 10.
Harlequins have signed Wales centre Jamie Roberts on a deal that will keep him at the club until 2018.
Kim Dotcom has announced plans to revive his Megaupload file-sharing service, which was shut down by US authorities in 2012.
A 16-year-old girl who went missing after a party has been stabbed to death, South Yorkshire Police has said.
The opening round of fixtures in the 2016-17 Scottish Championship season will see Hibernian face Falkirk on 6 August.
More than 300 Action Man fans have gathered to celebrate the iconic toy's 50th birthday.
A Banksy mural in Bristol has been vandalised just 24 hours after it appeared.
Nigeria's military says it has killed a man who has been posing as the leader of Islamist militant group Boko Haram.
Fewer than 500 people have applied for loans to help fund their apprenticeships, according to official figures.
Coventry ended a run of five successive defeats as Andy Rose's late strike gave them victory at Bradford.
Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has called for early elections on 1 November, just three months after the last vote.
A polymer £5 note issued by Clydesdale Bank has been shortlisted for a global award.
Worcestershire have lost Australia all-rounder John Hastings for up to six weeks because of injury.
West Ham are close to signing Portugal midfielder Joao Mario from Inter Milan for £40m.
The number of fly-tipping incidents in England has risen by more than 40% in three years, according to government figures.
Bank of Scotland is to close 23 branches across Scotland, with the loss of 100 jobs.
Grand Theft Auto 5 has been named the best game of 2013 at the Golden Joystick Awards.
A Romanian man who stowed away in the undercarriage of a private jet to the UK has been released by police.
BP has lost a court bid to suspend the $9.6bn (£6.1bn) compensation fund for victims of the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil
A memorial to 30 Britons killed in a Tunisian beach resort attack is to be built in Birmingham.
The cast for the 750th anniversary production of the Mystery Plays at York Minster has been announced.
A satellite that was lost just four months after launch has provided the most detailed X-ray picture of a galaxy cluster ever taken.
Apple has been taken to court in Australia over claims that its new iPad is a 4G device.
(Close): A better-than-expected reading on US economic growth failed to give the stock market a boost on Friday.
Italian police have seized 781 shotguns from Turkey that were being illegally imported into the EU via the port of Trieste.
Events have been held to mark the 70th anniversary of the liberation of the Buchenwald concentration camp.
More than 100 environmental activists were killed last year for opposing projects such as mining and logging, according to a report.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) group has killed at least 42 people in an attack on two villages in Syria's Hama province, activists say.
A 14-year-old rugby league player has died after suffering a head injury during a game in West Yorkshire.
Three young cranes have taken their first flight - the first chicks to be reared in the South West for more than 400 years.
Brazilian side Chapecoense have returned to winning ways in their first game since the plane crash that killed 71 people in November.
The parents of three Australian children killed on Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 have welcomed a baby girl born on the flight's second anniversary.
Thai military officials have summoned more than 200 people for questioning over their political activities, the army says.
Spider-Man is finally joining the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
No evidence of historic child sex abuse on the scale of Rotherham has been found in Leicestershire, a police review has concluded.
The families of the 21 people killed in the Birmingham pub bombings are hoping inquests into the attacks will resume after a 38-year delay.
Londoners are being urged to remember the victims of the 7/7 terror attacks as the capital marks the anniversary of the atrocity.
About 100 people have been evacuated from a west London tower block after a fire broke out on the seventh floor.
The first of a new generation of electricity pylons has been erected in England.
Up to 342 jobs are at risk after a biscuit manufacturer announced plans to close its site in Wirral.
A £1bn tidal power scheme has been given the go-ahead by the owners of land in Lancashire.
At least 10 people have been killed in two bomb attacks claimed by the Turkish government to have been carried out by the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party (
Nationwide has reported its best ever half year for mortgage lending, with growth of 14% in the six months to September.
Lou Pearlman, the US music mogul who created the Backstreet Boys and NSync, has died aged 62.
Two Iraqi men who were awarded Â£150,000 in damages over alleged abuse by British troops are now being investigated themselves.
Up to 800 jobs could be lost as a result of the merger of Standard Life and Aberdeen Asset Management, it has been revealed.
The Ospreys rugby region has reported its first profit since 2009, ending a run of six consecutive losses.
Police have arrested 11 people after a protest over the death of an unarmed black man in New York turned violent.
The Welsh Ambulance Service has said it is "encouraging" to see a rise in the number of emergency calls being responded to within eight minutes.
Exeter Chiefs lock Geoff Parling will join Super Rugby side Melbourne Rebels on a two-year deal in January 2018.
A third person has died following a crash on the M9 in West Lothian which also claimed the lives of a mother and daughter.
Bus drivers in West and North Yorkshire are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay.
The South East has a proud history of bellwether seats - constituencies which have a track record of reflecting the national mood.
A power station which has provided electricity to the Midlands for almost 50 years has been switched off for the final time.
Singapore has reported its first locally transmitted cases of the Zika virus, which has been linked to birth defects in Brazil.
The funeral of a helicopter engineer who died in the Norway Super Puma crash is to take place in Aberdeenshire on Friday.
The Mexican government has agreed to reopen the investigation into the disappearance of 43 students in the country's worst human rights crisis in decades.
A medical diagnostics business owned by engineering firm Renishaw has been put into administration with the loss of 35 jobs.
England internationals Jonathan Joseph and Anthony Watson have signed contract extensions to stay at Bath until 2020.
A suicide bomber has killed at least 10 civilians at a checkpoint near a US military base in Afghanistan, officials say.
A 21-year-old musician has died after falling into the River Clyde in Glasgow.
Northern Ireland fans who have attended recent games will be given priority for Euro 2016 tickets.
Former Barcelona and Real Madrid player Luis Figo has pulled out of the Fifa presidential election on 29 May.
Taylor Swift has removed her latest album 1989 from Apple Music three days before the service launches.
Renewable energy output in Scotland has increased by more than 45% in the first three months of 2012, according to new figures.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed just above the flat line despite a strong day for oil and mining shares.
Chinese football clubs could be charged a 100% tax on the transfer of any player over the age of 23.
Serbian police have arrested 17 people, including a former government minister, on suspicion of corruption.
New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum has described his record-breaking Test innings against Australia as "embarrassing".
Michael Dunlop has set the pace on the opening day of Manx Grand Prix qualifying with a lap of the Mountain Course at over 119mph.
The BBC has extended its broadcast deal with the ATP World Tour Finals until 2017.
Pinewood Studios has won the right to expand its site in Buckinghamshire by 50%, despite opposition from the local council.
The World Anti-Doping Agency has warned athletes that there will be no excuse for failing a drugs test in 2017.
Shares in Ted Baker have jumped more than 10% after the fashion retailer reported strong sales growth in the first half of its financial year.
A man who murdered a cyclist with one hit in his car has been jailed for life with a minimum of 25 years.
Glastonbury Festival will return to its home in Somerset in 2019, organisers have confirmed.
At least 30 people have been killed in fighting between Myanmar's army and ethnic rebels in the north-east of the country.
Wales fly-half Rhys Priestland will return to Bath for the 2016-17 season after taking a break from rugby.
Former world record holder Ron Hill has celebrated 50 years of running every day by completing a parkrun.
Europe retained the Curtis Cup with a stirring fightback on the final day of the match play event against the United States at Nairn.
Scientists have created a digital reconstruction of the human brain that is so detailed it could be used to plan brain surgery.
Wolverhampton Wanderers striker Nouha Dicko has signed a new contract at Molineux until 2020.
A 14-year-old girl from Leeds is among the victims of the Manchester Arena attack, her family has confirmed.
A campaign to raise £5m to restore a Grade I listed building badly damaged by fire has been launched.
Health ministers from West Africa have agreed to work together to tackle the worst outbreak of the Ebola virus in history.
A coroner has said he will adjourn the inquest into the Glenanne gang murders for up to six months to allow police to investigate a new lead.
The Philippines has held a memorial service for 58 police commandos who were killed in a clash with Muslim rebels.
Boston has become the third city to officially launch a bid to host the 2024 Summer Olympics.
Apple has reported its first annual fall in iPhone sales since the device was launched in 2007.
A 400-mile power cable linking Scotland and Norway has moved a step closer after being granted a licence by energy regulator Ofgem.
A hole in a busy Manchester road caused by heavy rainfall will take up to 10 days to repair, the city council has said.
The Bank of Scotland has unveiled the design of its new £10 polymer note, which will enter circulation on 17 May.
The number of people aged 75 and over who use the net regularly has risen by 10% in the past year, according to official figures.
About 50 pupils were sent to a "learning suite" at a school in Flintshire for failing to wear the correct uniform.
A 15-year-old boy has been found guilty of murdering a schoolboy who was chased and stabbed outside his north London school.
Honda's F1 chief Yasuhisa Arai has left the company after less than two years in the role.
The average FTSE 100 chief executive is paid 119 times more than the average worker, according to the Trades Union Congress.
Chris Coleman says Wales would not support a British football team competing at the Olympics.
The man who leaked classified US military documents to Wikileaks in 2010 has thanked Barack Obama for commuting his 35-year sentence.
Stephen Fry has joined a campaign to save Soho from "dramatic" changes caused by the proposed Crossrail 2 project.
Spike Lee and Werner Herzog are among the filmmakers whose work will be premiered at the 2016 Sundance Film Festival.
The number of mortgages taken out by homeowners in the UK last year was the highest for eight years, according to the Council of Mortgage Lenders.
WhatsApp users in Brazil have been sharing their plans for the next 48 hours after the messaging service was suspended in the country.
Cricket Scotland has been named as the winner of the 2015 International Cricket Council's Development Programme Award.
A banner showing a woman in a kitchen and another with a man at a stadium has been removed by French club Lille after complaints.
Australia's first Test against India in Adelaide will be a tribute to the late Phillip Hughes, who died on 27 November.
Two men have been charged as part of a major investigation into historical child sex abuse in Scottish football.
Motherwell have received more than 30 applications for the vacant manager's job at Fir Park.
At least 28 migrants have died in the Mediterranean, Italian officials say, as more than 10,000 people were rescued from boats off Libya
Ireland wing Andrew Earls will be available for the Test against New Zealand on 6 November after his ban for a red card was reduced to two weeks.
A fresh search for a missing Donegal girl has been launched after a psychic claimed he had a vision of where her body was buried.
Sharp has unveiled what it says is the world's first 4K smartphone display.
Liverpool have completed the double signing of Mamadou Sakho and Tiago Ilori from French champions Paris St-Germain and Sporting Lisbon.
Two Pembrokeshire coastguard officers are accused of fraudulently claiming overtime payments for shifts they did not work.
A retired taxi driver has said he "went into complete shock" after discovering he had won £1m on the lottery.
The Euro 2016 final was the most watched TV programme of the year so far, according to overnight ratings.
The death toll from the Bangladesh garment factory collapse on 24 April has risen to 610, officials say.
The East Midlands Ambulance Service (EMAS) is facing a £9m overspend this financial year.
Australian police have arrested a 22-year-old man at Sydney airport as he tried to board a flight to Turkey and on to Syria.
Campaigners have protested against a housing development they fear could threaten a colony of red squirrels.
At least 37 people have died after a cargo plane crashed into a village in South Sudan's capital, Juba, officials say.
A man has denied murdering a teenager who was found dead in a lane 33 years ago.
McLaren have signed British Formula 3 driver Lando Norris to a young driver programme with the Formula 1 team from 2017.
A fire at a care home which left 18 elderly residents homeless was started by a cigarette, fire investigators have said.
A group of railway workers had to cling to a bridge parapet to avoid being hit by a train travelling at 70mph.
Nyquist became the 13th horse to win the Kentucky Derby unbeaten as he triumphed at Churchill Downs in Louisville.
A 12-year-old boy has died at a Scout jamboree in Finland, the UK Scout Association has said.
Shares in the UK's biggest sofa retailer DFS Furniture plunged by more than 27% after it warned on profits.
Former world champion boxer Frank Bruno has said he wants to return to the ring at the age of 55.
West Bromwich Albion are in talks with Liverpool over a deal to sign defender Mamadou Sakho for a club record £15m.
US comedian Dick Gregory, who was also a civil rights activist, has died aged 84.
Swiss voters have rejected a proposal to limit executive pay to a maximum of 12 times the salary of the lowest-paid worker.
A passenger has captured the moment a plane was blown off course by strong winds at Manchester Airport.
A pharmacist who accidentally killed a woman by giving her the wrong medication has been given a suspended jail sentence.
Peter Trego has called for a clampdown on social media abuse after receiving "abusive" messages following Somerset's T20 defeat.
Kevin Pietersen should be recalled for England's World Twenty20 squad, says former captain Michael Vaughan.
A 35th anniversary service has been held in Hull to remember the Falklands War and the role played by the city's mariners.
A driver who killed a 19-year-old woman in a crash while racing another car has been jailed for three years.
A Brazilian court has sentenced Pele's son Edinho to 22 years and 10 months in jail for money laundering.
At least 20 Maoist rebels have been killed in an operation by Indian security forces in the central state of Chhattisgarh, officials say.
Leicester Tigers captain Tom Youngs has expressed his fears over a proposed 10-month Premiership season from 2019-20.
Queen's University Belfast (QUB) has dropped 12 places in a global ranking of universities.
The family of a man shot dead in a rural feud 25 years ago have welcomed a police review of the case.
A Bangladesh club side conceded the most runs in a single over in first-class cricket history - 84 of them being extras.
Crime on the rail network in Wales has fallen by 13% in a year, according to the British Transport Police.
The Thames Barrier has closed for the 51st time this winter, beating its previous record set in 2000.
Scotland's rail passengers will get a "free week" of travel in 2017, the Scottish government has announced.
Matt Lucas is to return to Doctor Who for the show's 10th series, the BBC has confirmed.
World Cup winner Raphael Varane has been ruled out of Euro 2016 with a hamstring injury.
Elderly patients who have broken hips are more likely to die if they are operated on more than 24 hours after admission to hospital, a study has found.
Ebbsfleet's unbeaten run in the National League stretched to 11 games as they drew at Maidenhead.
A man who carried out a campaign of rape and violence against three partners over a 17-year period has been jailed for at least five years.
A police dog was deliberately run over by officers after it escaped from a hunt, a review has concluded.
Nottingham Forest striker Ben Brereton has signed a new contract that will keep him at the Championship club until 2021.
Australian sprinting legend Betty Cuthbert has died at the age of 79, the country's athletics governing body has announced.
About 1,000 Bolivian soldiers have protested against alleged discrimination within the armed forces, blocking roads and calling for reforms.
(Close): The FTSE 100 index closed higher on Friday, but shares in Capita continued to fall after the company issued a third profit warning in a year.
A rare species of water vole is being reintroduced to the Yorkshire Dales after becoming extinct in the region.
Northampton Saints have handed new contracts to 10 of their academy players, including fly-half Harry Mallinder.
Roger Federer has extended his record as the longest-serving player at the Swiss Indoors Basel tournament.
Actress Deddie Davies, who starred in Stella and The Railway Children, has died at the age of 77.
Concerns have been raised about the safety of a new water supply in the Highlands.
Walt Disney has agreed to sell its Miramax film studio to a private equity firm for $663m (Â£417m).
Jonathan Rea held off Davies to win the opening race of the 2017 World Superbike season in Australia.
The number of people visiting Northern Ireland in 2015 was up by 4% on the previous year, according to new figures.
The Ministry of Defence has halted 58 investigations into alleged abuse by British troops in Iraq.
The HPV vaccine, which was developed in Australia 20 years ago, could eliminate cervical cancer within 40 years, its co-creator says.
A £5m government grant has been announced to help protect the Ironbridge Gorge in Shropshire.
The number of babies in Scotland being breastfed has remained at a similar level over the last decade, according to new figures.
The 2015 World Cup starts on 14 February in Australia and New Zealand.
Scotland flanker Alasdair Strokosch has announced his retirement from international rugby after nine years.
Council tax could rise by more than £30 a year in Stoke-on-Trent as part of plans to save £61m over three years.
Adam Yauch's former bandmate in Beastie Boys, Adam Horovitz, has paid tribute to John Berry, who has died aged 54
Four weightlifters who won medals at the 2012 London Olympics have failed retests of their samples, the International Olympic Committee has announced.
Brazilian prosecutors have charged 19 people with qualified homicide over the deadly collapse of a mine dam in Minas Gerais state.
British Summer Time starts at 1am on Sunday 27 March 2016.
Police searching for a man missing for 25 years have found "nothing of significance" in their first day of digging.
The EU has agreed a new set of data protection rules that will force companies to get explicit consent to hold an individual's personal information.
Flybe has reported its second consecutive annual loss, but said it was on track to return to profit in the current financial year.
A well-known DJ who played at Glastonbury and Bestival has gone missing from his home in Bristol, sparking a police search.
The number of transgender hate crimes reported to the Metropolitan Police has risen by 25% in a year, according to the force's figures.
Charlotte Dujardin says she wants to enjoy every moment with her horse Valegro as they bid to defend their Olympic dressage title in Rio 201
A petition signed by more than 1,000 people calling for action on parking problems in Hawick will be considered by Scottish Borders Council.
Libyan authorities have agreed to temporarily freeze a controversial ban on women under 60 travelling abroad without a male guardian.
Germany's Marcel Kittel has been forced to abandon the Tour de France after crashing out of stage 17.
Darren Sammy has been appointed West Indies Test captain for their upcoming tour of the United Arab Emirates.
Former Pink Floyd singer and songwriter Roger Waters has been awarded £5,000 in travel costs after his sex assault conviction was overturned.
The medals for the Rio 2016 Olympics have been unveiled, with organisers saying they are the "most sustainable" in history.
A school with a 300-year history is to close in Powys.
A French-owned call centre company is to create 500 jobs in Enniskillen over the next three years.
Tyrone manager Mickey Harte has confirmed that he will remain in charge of the county for the 2016 season.
Chelsea have signed England midfielder Danny Drinkwater from Leicester City for £35m, subject to a work permit.
The number of children in north Wales who sent naked pictures of themselves to others has risen by more than 10-fold in two years, police figures show.
Girls are more likely to suffer from anxiety about mathematics than boys, according to a study.
A trade union has reached an agreement in principle with North Lanarkshire Council over equal pay claims worth more than Â£100m.
Frank de Boer has been sacked as Inter Milan manager after just 85 days in charge of the Serie A club.
Mickey Rourke has returned to the ring after a 13-year absence to win his first professional boxing match in Moscow.
The Tories have won the Gower seat in Swansea for the first time in its 90-year history.
A report into the causes of flooding in Cockermouth last December has been published.
A variable speed limit system is to be introduced on the M4 near Newport in a bid to ease congestion and improve safety.
A new exhibition marking the 30th anniversary of the miners' strike is to open at a former pit.
The UK car industry has seen its longest run of export growth for more than 15 years, but production fell in October.
Shares in Airbus have risen after the European plane maker reported a strong rise in sales and orders.
Plymouth Albion chairman Chris Rothwell says the club can now "crack on" with plans to build a £25m stadium in Devonport.
Police have been called in to investigate 10 suspicious ballot papers found at Glasgow's count for the independence referendum.
The Lord Mayor of London is leading a parade of more than 7,000 people through the streets of the capital to mark the 800th Lord Mayor
The circumstances surrounding the termination of a £800m NHS contract after just 78 days are to be investigated.
Carole King will play the 2015 BBC Radio 2 Proms at the Royal Albert Hall on 3 July.
Radio 1 is launching a dedicated channel on BBC iPlayer, the station has announced.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefit in Northern Ireland has fallen for the first time since April.
Glasgow Warriors captain Peter Murchie has signed a new contract that will keep him at Scotstoun until May 2017.
The University of Wales Trinity St David has said it hopes its new £40m broadcasting centre will be 60% occupied within the next two months.
Chinese police have arrested 100 people suspected of looting artefacts from a 5,000-year-old archaeological site.
The venom of the platypus contains a hormone that could help treat diabetes, Australian researchers have discovered.
Bristol City have signed Republic of Ireland Under-21 international winger Callum O'Dowda from Oxford United for a fee of up to £1m.
The 40th anniversary of Jimmy Carter's visit to Newcastle is being marked with a series of events.
Londoners will pay the same bus and Tube fares until 2018, Mayor Sadiq Khan has announced.
Mike Brown could be in line to replace Chris Ashton in England's Six Nations squad after the winger launched an appeal against a 10-week ban.
The government has announced plans to build a new 18 mile stretch of the A14 in Cambridgeshire and charge drivers to use it.
Woking extended their winless run to 10 games as they were held by Gateshead at the International Stadium.
Detectives investigating the disappearance of a teenager 13 years ago have searched land in Staffordshire.
Barcelona have made a third bid of about £114m for Liverpool forward Philippe Coutinho, BBC Sport understands.
The last commemorative £1 coin to be struck before it is replaced by a 12-sided version has been designed by the Bishop of St Asaph.
Manchester City's Yaya Toure has been named the BBC African Footballer of the Year for 2015.
Staff at a Portsmouth prison have said goodbye to their jail as it closes after 175 years.
At least 25 people have been killed in a lorry crash in the Central African Republic, local officials say.
A man who was banned from parts of Birmingham for links to "gun or gang crime" has been jailed for 14 years.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone has been indicted by Munich prosecutors on bribery charges.
St Helens have named their 19-man squad for Friday's Super League Grand Final against Catalans Dragons at Old Trafford (20:00
Sally Conway became the first British woman to win an Olympic judo medal since 1992 by claiming bronze in Rio.
A Christian teacher who was suspended for refusing to use a rainbow lanyard has been awarded Â£5,000 in damages.
Boeing has reported a 26% rise in third-quarter profits, helped by strong demand for its commercial aircraft.
Australia were bowled out for 107 in their first innings on day one of the second Test against South Africa in Hobart.
Norman Hudis, the writer of the first six Carry On films, has died at the age of 93.
The logo for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics has been unveiled after a second competition.
At least 15 people have been killed in a twin bomb attack on a hotel in Somalia's capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
A 21-year-old British man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering two women in Hong Kong.
Chinese farmers have created a 3D optical illusion on a rice paddy field, featuring a giant fish swimming in the sky.
The Syrian government has agreed to a UN-brokered nationwide ceasefire from midnight on Saturday (22:00 GMT on Friday).
A 17-year-old girl has become one of the youngest volunteers to join a Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI) crew.
A rare species of Japanese birch has been grown in the UK for the first time, in a bid to protect it from extinction.
The leaders of Wales' four main political parties have set out their stalls for 2016 - a year that will see the assembly election on 5 May.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright says his side are having a "not too bad" season despite their recent poor form.
A US-based rugby league has criticised Pro12 for trying to expand into North America.
A police force that dates back to the 12th Century has been given powers to arrest people for the first time in more than 80 years.
A public inquiry has begun into plans to demolish 250 terraced houses in Liverpool's Welsh Streets.
Former McLaren F1 team boss Tyler Alexander has died at the age of 83.
A former Thai army general has been sentenced to 62 years in prison for his role in a human trafficking network.
A man who was given a kidney by his best friend of 10 years says he feels like a "new man".
The mother of a pregnant teenager who was murdered and buried in a grave has said she should have been babysitting on her daughter's 18th birthday.
Wales lock Luke Charteris is a doubt for Racing 92's Top 14 match against Grenoble on Saturday, 13 March.
A soldier who killed a fellow Army recruit in a "sustained attack" has been jailed for life with a minimum term of 18 years.
BBC Radio 3 has announced a new weekly jazz show, fronted by British rapper and singer Rodney P.
A museum exhibition has opened to mark the 130th anniversary of the Newcastle Hoppings funfair.
At least 20 people have been killed in a suicide attack in the Afghan capital, Kabul, officials say.
The signing of a tripartite free trade agreement between three African trading blocs has been hailed as a major step forward.
A Cornish MP is to vote against the government's plans to raise VAT to 20% from 4 January.
BT has taken a £530m charge to cover the cost of accounting errors in its Italian business.
A silent film about the herring fishing industry is to be accompanied by a live beatbox score on a tour of Scotland's east coast.
The iconic black London taxi is to be exported to Saudi Arabia after a deal was struck for 400 of the vehicles.
The World Expo 2015 has opened in Milan, Italy, with a ceremony attended by dignitaries from around the world.
South Korea's spy agency tried to influence the 2012 presidential election, an internal investigation has found.
The Royal Regiment of Scotland has marked its 10th anniversary with a parade through Edinburgh.
Kate Winslet has said she was "so thrilled" to be nominated for a Golden Globe for her role in Steve Jobs.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) is to close 62 branches across Scotland, putting 176 jobs at risk.
The novelist and poet Barbara Vine, who wrote as Ruth Rendell, has died at the age of 77.
A 78-year-old man who was stabbed to death in County Antrim was a "well-liked and well-known" man, police have said
Scottish butchers are preparing to export haggis to the US if the country lifts a 43-year ban on the national dish.
Scientists believe they have discovered a way to see in 3D using just one eye.
Sebastian Vettel has signed a new contract to remain with Ferrari until the end of the 2020 season.
Five new railway stations are to be built as part of a government scheme to improve access to rail services.
The leader of Swansea council has said he is "confident" a £450m regeneration project will go ahead.
A second 24-hour Tube strike has been called by the Transport Salaried Staffs' Association (TSSA) union.
A new railway station in Ceredigion could be built for the first time in more than 50 years.
A Great Yarmouth-based marine services company has been bought by a Dutch firm for £50m.
Southampton have signed Chelsea midfielder Oriol Romeu on a four-year deal for a fee of £12m.
The new privatised probation service in England and Wales has been given a Â£400m budget boost to cope with "severe" problems, the government
Morgan Schneiderlin says Manchester United team-mate Anthony Martial is "absolutely magnificent" after the £36m signing scored twice on his debut.
A battlefield where King Harold defeated an invading Viking army 950 years ago is being marked with a weekend of events.
The first gas has been produced from the Alder field in the North Sea, 40 years after it was discovered.
Scientists in Peru have used CT scans and 3D modelling to reconstruct the face of a high-status ancient woman.
It's the biggest talking point of the summer - but can you name all 32 counties of Ireland in 32 minutes?
Double Olympic silver medallist Becky James has announced her retirement from cycling at the age of 26.
Daniel Ricciardo says he will not be joining Ferrari next season, despite speculation linking him with the team.
The NHS is to cap agency spending at 55% above the cost of a member of staff's salary, the government has announced.
Peregrine falcons have successfully bred at the tallest building in Ipswich for the second year running.
Mobile phone giant Vodafone has pulled out of talks to sponsor the London Stadium, home of West Ham United.
The Treasury is to launch a review of government spending in November, with a view to cutting £20bn from departmental budgets.
A 700-year-old garden in Denbighshire is to be opened to the public for the first time in a bid to secure its restoration.
Plans for a £100m extension to Sheffield's Meadowhall shopping centre have been submitted to the city council.
Former Cabinet minister Francis Maude has announced he will stand down as an MP at the 2020 general election.
At least 15 people have been killed in a fire at a petrol tanker in north-west Pakistan, officials say.
A grandmother whose Christmas presents were stolen by burglars has been overwhelmed by the generosity of strangers.
The Scottish Conservatives have pledged to restore 140,000 college places lost since 2007 if they win power at Holyrood.
A man who has lived for 30 years with a heart-lung transplant has been recognised as the world's longest surviving recipient.
French police are investigating whether Russian hackers were behind the attack on TV5 Monde in April, French media report.
Currys PC World has been told to ensure it does not mislead customers about the availability of 4K content in future adverts.
Up to 80 jobs are at risk at Bernard Matthews' turkey processing plant in Lincolnshire.
BBC Radio 2 DJ Kenny Everett has paid tribute to his "good friend" Cilla Black on his Sunday show.
Women over 30 should be doing at least 30 minutes of exercise a day to reduce their risk of heart disease, say researchers.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a teenager found with serious head injuries at a caravan park.
A Sheffield councillor has resigned after 13 years in the role to spend more time with his family.
A £200m revamp of Exeter's High Street has been given the go-ahead by councillors.
Kenyan authorities are hunting a gang of 10 suspected poachers who killed 15 elephants and their calves in Tsavo East National Park.
Greece's parliament has approved a 2016 budget that includes austerity measures demanded by international lenders.
Britain's Kelly Sotherton has announced she is aiming to compete in the heptathlon at the 2012 London Olympics.
A 15-year-old girl has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death outside his home.
Lincolnshire Police is set to sell its headquarters in the city centre, the force's chief constable has said.
A hospital trust has apologised after sending out letters about cancer to 850 patients who were not even referred to the hospital.
The Specials drummer John "Brad" Bradbury has died at the age of 62, his family have announced.
Japanese football legend Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a new contract to keep him playing until he is 50.
The Northern Ireland Executive has announced an extra £50m for health services.
A judge has ruled that a decision by Sajid Javid to block plans for 1,500 homes in Newmarket was "deficient".
Martyn Irvine has been named BBC Northern Ireland's Sports Personality of the Year for 2013.
At least 11 soldiers have been killed in an attack by Kurdish militants in south-east Turkey, the army says.
A public inquiry has begun into a plan to build 500 homes on land in Kent which has been described as "our last piece of green land".
The experiences of older people living in care homes in Wales are to be examined in a review launched by the Older People's Commissioner.
The UK government is considering delaying a review of S4C's funding until 2018, the BBC understands.
A major engineering project to upgrade a railway tunnel in Glasgow will see services disrupted for 15 weeks.
Australia has sent 46 Vietnamese asylum seekers back to Vietnam after they were intercepted at sea.
Marc Marquez won the San Marino Grand Prix to extend his lead at the top of the MotoGP standings to 52 points.
Red Bull have abandoned plans to buy a stake in Mercedes and use their engines from 2016.
Two brothers who have been selected in England's Six Nations squad started their rugby careers at a club in Gloucestershire.
The world's oldest person, an Italian woman, has died at the age of 117, the Gerontology Research Group (GRG) has said.
Scarlets face a tough task to qualify for the European Champions Cup quarter-finals after a humbling defeat by Racing 92, says hooker Ken Owens
Councils in England are being offered Â£250m to return to weekly rubbish collections, the government has announced.
Sir Christopher Lee is to release a new album of heavy metal songs, aged 92.
Youngsters with type 1 diabetes are being admitted to hospital in Wales more than 100 times a year, according to a study.
A council was negligent in failing to protect a schoolgirl who drowned in a swimming pool, a judge has ruled.
Chelsea striker Radamel Falcao has been omitted from the Blues' 25-man squad for the second half of the season.
The Grand National field has been confirmed with 40 horses set to line up at Aintree on Saturday.
Actor Geoffrey Hughes, who played a number of popular TV roles, has died aged 74.
The number of women being diagnosed with lung cancer in Scotland has risen by almost 100% in 40 years, according to new figures.
The cost of filling up a typical family car has risen above Â£64 for the first time since April 2015, according to the RAC.
Lancashire beat Hampshire by an innings and 10 runs to record their first win of the County Championship season.
A "realistic" sculpture of a man lying in a river was mistaken for a drowning victim by emergency services.
Solihull Moors claimed their first National League win of the season as they held on to beat 10-man Bromley.
Archaeologists have uncovered the remains of 10 people in Brighton believed to be Quakers who died in the 18th Century.
A man who suffered 17 cardiac arrests has been given a second chance at life after paramedics shocked his heart 17 times.
A lorry carrying 30 tonnes of milk has overturned on the M4 near Cardiff, spilling its load.
A girl who had her birthday presents stolen in a burglary has written an open letter to the thieves.
A vitamin B3 compound could help fight infections caused by the "superbug" MRSA, say US researchers.
Up to 70 jobs could be lost at Suffolk's fire service as part of plans to save £1.3m.
The number of babies born addicted to drugs in England has risen by 50% in five years, BBC research has found.
Ulster have appointed former All Black Jono Gibbes as their new head coach for the 2016-17 season.
Great Britain's Nicola Wilson won individual eventing bronze at the Rio Olympics on Sunday.
David Warner hit a rapid 115 not out as Australia drew the third Test against the West Indies in Sydney.
A charity has launched a "reality TV defence kit" to help communities avoid being filmed for shows like Benefits Street.
The Liberal Democrats and Labour have been accused of squabbling like a "marriage that's on the rocks" after a row over Brexit.
Tyson Fury's WBO heavyweight title fight with Luis Ortiz has been postponed until 2017.
At least 16 Jewish community centres in the US have received bomb threats, according to the JCC Association of North America.
A forensic expert hired by a human rights commission has concluded that the bodies of 43 missing Mexican students could not have been burned at a rubbish dump.
A bid to build 150 houses in the Cairngorms National Park has been refused by the authority's planning committee.
Section 60 stop and search powers were used in Colchester town centre after a "large group" of people were involved in a fight.
Sergio Perez has signed a new contract to remain with Force India for the 2017 Formula 1 season.
A 15-year-old girl has died after being swept into the sea off a North Tyneside pier.
The number of livestock worrying incidents reported to Police Scotland has increased by 44% this year, according to new figures.
The Liberal Democrat peer Lord Avebury has died at the age of 89, his family has announced.
Ghostbusters could be getting a whole new franchise, according to the director of the original 1984 movie.
A man has admitted murdering a primary school teacher he met on a dating website.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Thursday, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average breaking through the 20,000 mark for the first time.
A £5 coin to mark the first birthday of Prince George has been unveiled by the Royal Mint.
The chief constable of Northumbria Police is retiring after 30 years in the force, aged 52.
A vigil has been held in Cardiff to remember the 17 victims of the Paris terror attacks.
The new plastic £5 note is being welcomed with a shrug in Northern Ireland.
A huge tobacco factory producing 10 million cigarettes a day has been shut down in Birmingham.
Downton Abbey has been commissioned for a sixth series, ITV has announced.
More than 1,000 photographs have gone on display at an exhibition in Bristol following a 24-hour photography competition.
Glasgow's Burrell Collection is to reopen in 2020 after a £66m revamp.
A river restoration project has seen fish return to a stretch of watercourse after just six months.
The conductor and early music specialist Christopher Hogwood has died at the age of 73.
Airbus has said it will slow production of its A380 superjumbo from 2018, as demand for the double-decker aircraft remains weak
The government is to invest £15m in cultural projects across the north of England, it has been announced.
The cost of buying a home in the UK rose at its fastest rate for more than a year in March, according to official figures.
Teaching assistants in Durham have voted to strike over plans to cut their pay by up to 20%.
Singapore's Asian Civilisation Museum is returning a 10th Century Indian bronze sculpture to India after it was suspected of being stolen.
A 17-year-old girl has been shot dead on a road in Pennsylvania, US, in what police are calling a "senseless and brutal" attack.
The inquests into the deaths of 11 men in the Shoreham air disaster will not begin until late 2017 at the earliest, a coroner
The 2018 Irish Open will be played at Ballyliffin in County Donegal, it has been confirmed.
A norovirus outbreak has forced a school to close early for the Christmas holidays.
A London-based radio station which broadcast to Zimbabwe for 15 years has closed down, citing a lack of funds.
Pakistan have been given permission by the Indian government to play in the World Twenty20 in India in March.
Former Peterborough United manager Barry Fry has paid tribute to his "good friend" Graham Turner, who has died aged 72.
Australia's former top art gallery director Betty Churcher has died aged 84.
More than 60 prisoners have escaped from a jail in Papua New Guinea's second largest city, Lae.
Ruben Aguirre, the Mexican actor who played Professor Jirafales in the classic children's TV series El Chavo del Ocho, has died aged
Irish police have begun a search for a man who went missing 16 years ago.
Formula 1's controversial double points rule will be scrapped for the 2015 season.
British Swimming's performance director Michael Scott has resigned after four years in the role.
(Close): Shares in Standard Chartered fell more than 10% after the bank reported a drop in profits.
Taylor Swift's Shake It Off has been banned from the Hottest 100 of 2014 countdown.
Renault have warned they will quit Formula 1 at the end of the season unless they can buy the Lotus team.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower on Wednesday, with shares in pharmaceutical companies among the biggest fallers.
BBC Three has lost the rights to broadcast new episodes of Family Guy after 2014.
Former Beatle Sir Paul McCartney has topped the Sunday Times Rich List of music millionaires for the fourth year running.
Former drug smuggler Howard Marks has died at the age of 69.
A fire on a bus carrying 50 German tourists in Bavaria has killed 18 people, German police say.
Israel has postponed a vote on approving hundreds of new homes in East Jerusalem, amid heightened tensions with the US.
A 15-year-old boy who raped two girls and sexually assaulted three others has been given a three-year youth rehabilitation order.
A burglar who stole a collection of medals dating back to World War Two has been caught on CCTV.
The city of Eugene in the United States has defended its role in the controversial awarding of the 2021 World Athletics Championships to Oregon.
Traudl Junge, who worked as Hitler's secretary in the final years of World War Two, has died at the age of 106.
At least 50 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in Baghdad, Iraqi officials say.
British badminton players are determined to end a 12-year wait for a world medal at the 2017 World Championships in Glasgow.
Russian police have arrested 10 people suspected of being members of the doomsday cult Aum Shinrikyo, Russian media report.
Germany should consider raising the retirement age to 70, the Bundesbank has said.
Police in North Dakota have arrested more than 140 people protesting against the final stage of construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline.
A man who fled court after being convicted of sexually assaulting a woman in a Kent park has been jailed for seven years.
The Rugby Players' Association (RPA) has criticised plans to extend the Premiership season by two months from 2019-20.
More than 20 cars have been targeted in a spate of vandalism in north Edinburgh.
A bike hire scheme which attracted just 20 users a week in its first 10 weeks has been branded an "embarrassment".
A man has appeared in court accused of murdering his sister in a house in St Andrews.
Online supermarket Ocado has reported its first annual profit since it was founded in 2000.
Chris Coleman's Wales side can end a 57-year wait for a major tournament by beating Bosnia-Herzegovina on Saturday, says Neil
Lewis Hamilton says he is confident he will solve his poor starts to races after finishing third in the Bahrain Grand Prix.
A £14m research project aimed at developing renewable energy technologies has been launched.
A 40-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences in Crawley, West Sussex.
A former postman who sexually abused a girl from the age of six has been jailed for 18 years.
The word "binge-watch" has been named Collins Dictionary's word of the year for 2015.
British Rowing have named a 32-strong squad for the World Rowing Championships in Sarasota-Bradenton, Florida, in September.
A team of archaeologists and aviation historians have unearthed parts of a Battle of Britain Spitfire that crashed in County Monaghan 73 years ago.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong for celebrations marking 20 years since the city's handover from British to Chinese rule.
At least 120 people have been killed in twin suicide attacks in Syria, state media say.
A slump in the global recycling market has cost Welsh councils more than £1m in lost income.
Hampshire spinner Liam Dawson says he was surprised to be recalled to the England squad for the first of three T20 internationals against Sri Lanka.
The £18bn Hinkley Point nuclear power plant has been formally signed off by the UK and French governments.
The number of serving soldiers calling a helpline set up after four recruits died at an Army barracks in 16 years has doubled.
A doctor has diagnosed former US President George W Bush with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) eight years after he left office.
Coca cultivation in Colombia has risen for the first time in 15 years, according to a UN report.
At least 102 people have died in a stampede at a Hindu temple in the southern Indian state of Kerala, officials say.
A 700-year-old bridge has been re-opened after being buried for more than a century.
The Duke of Cambridge and Prince Harry have visited a garden at Kensington Palace inspired by their mother Princess Diana.
Gillingham have signed Brighton midfielder Jake Coletts on loan until the end of the season.
Bestselling author Jackie Collins has died at the age of 77 after a battle with breast cancer, her family has announced.
Aston Villa have been taken over by Chinese businessman Tony Xia for a fee of £76m.
A volunteer who helped restore a 900-year-old castle in Ceredigion has resigned after 30 years.
A free school opened by David Cameron in Birmingham has been rated "inadequate" by Ofsted inspectors.
Winds of up to 70mph are expected to hit Wales on Tuesday as the remnants of Hurricane Gonzalo sweep across the UK.
A Stoke-on-Trent football ground which has been derelict for 20 years is to be turned into a housing estate.
Claudia Winkleman is stepping down as host of BBC One's The One Show... Film 2016 after just one year.
Football fans could soon be watching highlights of a match that lasts 90 minutes in just 10 minutes.
Australia fought back from a near-impossible situation to beat India by 30 runs in the fourth one-day international in Canberra.
Frenchman Pierre Rolland won stage 15 of the Giro d'Italia as Tom Dumoulin maintained his overall lead.
Former Israeli President Shimon Peres has died at the age of 93, his office has announced.
A lifeboat station has been declared "off service" after 12 volunteer crew members resigned in protest at the dismissal of their skipper.
Atletico Madrid manager Diego Simeone has signed a contract extension until 2018, with the option of a further year.
Austria has said it will limit the number of asylum seekers it accepts from 1 January.
Michel Platini has been given the backing of the French Football Federation to stand in the Fifa presidential election in February.
Airlines must pay compensation to passengers within 28 days of a claim, a judge has ruled.
The Welsh Government has accused Network Rail of telling it it would take 28 years to get the rail network in Wales up to standard.
A list of 10 British fugitives being hunted by the National Crime Agency (NCA) in Spain has been released.
The government has been accused of "abandoning" residents living near Euston station in London, where construction of HS2 will start in 2017.
A Â£10m plan to build a student accommodation block in Belfast city centre has been submitted to planners.
The proposed M4 relief road would have a "significant" impact on protected wetlands, a public inquiry has heard.
League Two sides Oxford United and Wycombe Wanderers are the lowest-ranked teams left in the FA Cup second round.
David de Gea's proposed £34m move from Manchester United to Real Madrid has hit a late snag.
A collection of 150 years of Nottinghamshire's pram-making history has been sold at auction for more than double its expected price.
The inventor of the Etch A Sketch drawing toy has died at the age of 91.
The Champions League last-16 draw will be made on Monday, with Manchester City and Arsenal among the unseeded teams.
A football club has returned to its home town after a nine-year absence.
A man who imported 50 weapons into the UK from China has admitted a charge under the Firearms Act.
EE has unveiled a drone and a balloon-based network as it looks to improve mobile coverage in rural areas.
Scientists have discovered the oldest known fossil of a tomato-like fruit.
A grandfather who murdered his 16-month-old granddaughter in 2012 has been jailed for life with a minimum term of 25 years
Roma captain Francesco Totti has signed a new contract to remain at the club until he is 38.
A majority of Northern Ireland business leaders want the UK to remain in the European Union, according to a survey by the Chamber of Commerce.
Kumar Sangakkara has brought to an end a 15-year Test career with a 75 in his final innings in Sri Lanka'
A cyclist attempting to set a new national record for a 91-year-old has died in a crash.
The oldest carnival in Europe is celebrating its 50th anniversary with a series of events in Leeds.
Police are hunting for a thief who stole a set of 18th Century cups and saucers from a National Trust property.
A historical child sex abuse complaint against the late Lord Janner has been referred to Police Scotland.
South Korea's Samsung Electronics has reported its lowest quarterly profit for 18 months, raising concerns about the tech giant's future.
A radio station invited a 95-year-old widower to join them live on air after he called in to say he felt "so alone".
A 15th vein of Blue John - a rare form of fluorite - has been discovered in a Derbyshire cave.
A man has been found guilty of murdering a 20-month-old boy who died after suffering "catastrophic" head injuries.
The Belfast-based Northstone group has reported a 25% fall in profits for 2012.
Keeping fit by walking for 40 minutes a day could help protect the brain against age-related memory loss, say US researchers.
Three men who smuggled 20 people into the UK hidden in a lorry have been jailed for a total of 19 years.
The US government has closed its investigation into a fatal crash involving a Tesla Model S car operating in Autopilot mode.
Google's parent company Alphabet has reported a 14% rise in revenue for the first quarter of 2015.
Coventry City came from behind to beat 10-man Millwall and move closer to securing their League One status.
Liverpool have appointed former Republic of Ireland boss Sean O'Driscoll as their new first-team coach.
The sister of a West Yorkshire schoolgirl who was murdered 20 years ago has made an emotional appeal for information about her killer.
A £10m government grant has been announced to help build a new hospital in Somerset.
Ireland suffered a six-wicket defeat by Afghanistan in the opening match of their two-game Twenty20 series.
Blackburn Rovers have appointed former player David Dunn as their new under-21 manager on a deal until the summer of 2018.
At least 47 people have been killed in a series of bomb attacks across Iraq, officials say.
Tippi Hedren has claimed Alfred Hitchcock sexually harassed her during the filming of The Birds in the 1960s.
A "spirited" annual pillow fight between US military cadets at West Point academy has left 19 injured, officials have said.
A funeral has been held for a former Barnsley FC player and club stalwart who died at the age of 93.
Mario Balotelli has said he will "always have a very special place in my heart" after leaving Manchester City to join AC Milan.
Microsoft is working on a system that could replace the password as the main way to log on to a computer.
Scottish football fans have returned to stadiums in their droves, with attendances at SPFL matches up by more than seven per cent.
Cesare Prandelli has stepped down as Italy Under-21 coach after being appointed as Antonio Conte's successor with the senior side.
The mother of murdered toddler James Bulger has said she does not believe his killers' names should be kept secret.
A driver caught doing 101mph on the M62 motorway has been reported to the courts.
Three men in their 70s have been honoured by police for their bravery after they caught a burglar in the act.
Surrey have re-signed Gareth Batty as captain for the 2016 season.
British actor Peter Cushing, who starred in many Hammer Horror films, has died aged 79, his family has announced.
Harlow is celebrating its 70th birthday with a week of events and activities.
A 16-year-old boy who stabbed a classmate at school in Aberdeen has been given an extended sentence of nine years.
Police are investigating whether Venus Williams was at fault for a car crash that killed an elderly man in Florida last month.
Manager Mark Sampson has named a 23-player squad for England's training camp in Spain.
Kevin Pietersen smashed the fastest half-century in South Africa's domestic Twenty20 competition as he helped Dolphins beat the Knights.
The Rugby World Cup 2015 has brought an estimated £43m to Newcastle's economy, according to the city's tourism body.
A reptile centre has taken in 24 baby bearded dragons dumped at a pet shop in Ceredigion.
A number of arts projects have been selected to mark the UK-India Year of Culture 2017.
A £10m plan to build a new golf course in the Highlands has been met with opposition from conservation groups.
Lancashire all-rounder Tom Smith has retired from cricket at the age of 32 because of a back injury.
UK inflation has risen for the first time in seven months, but remains at a record low.
The Scottish government has taken a step closer to improving a notorious stretch of the A9 in the Highlands.
Barra Airport is celebrating its 80th anniversary.
The Garden Bridge Trust has said it will go ahead with plans to build the structure over the River Thames after securing £10m in private funding.
Somerset's Marcus Trescothick made 203 not out before Imran Tahir's seven-wicket haul put Nottinghamshire on top
A Cardiff Bay cable car could be up and running within five years, the city's business council has said.
Scientists have created beta cells that could potentially cure type 1 diabetes in humans.
A Catholic priest from County Meath is one of 40 people to be named by Pope Francis as being on the path to sainthood.
European police have arrested 19 people suspected of belonging to a network linked to the al-Qaeda-affiliated group Ansar al-Islam
Volunteers are hand-rearing more than 100 baby bats that have been abandoned because of the poor summer weather.
Up to 240 jobs could be lost and care services cut in Southampton as the council tries to save Â£30m.
Women priests are marking 20 years since they were first ordained in Wales.
A 39-year-old Swiss woman has been raped in the northern Indian state of Himachal Pradesh, police say.
France's last surviving hero of the 1943 Caluire Resistance ambush, Raymond Aubrac, has died aged 100.
Police in Nigeria have arrested 52 men suspected of attending a gay wedding in the country's commercial capital, Lagos.
A college that went bust owing Â£20m to creditors spent Â£1,500 on Manchester United football tickets, it has emerged.
James Anderson has become the leading one-day international wicket-taker for England with his 235th dismissal against Sri Lanka.
Germany's economy grew by 1.9% in 2016, according to preliminary figures from the country's statistics office.
A Turkish F-4 Phantom fighter jet has crashed near the Syrian border, killing the pilot, the Turkish military says.
Lancashire Police could lose up to 500 officers and staff as part of a Â£100m budget cut, the force's PCC
A Kent council missed a deadline to claim back £5m from insurers after losing a court case over a ban on live animal exports.
Livingston moved 10 points clear at the top of Ladbrokes League 2 with a victory over second-placed Brechin City.
Monty Python star and TV presenter Michael Palin is to receive the 2018 Bafta Fellowship at this year's TV awards ceremony.
Polish director Andrzej Wajda, one of the most important film-makers of the post-war era, has died aged 89.
The Countdown stars who became unlikely internet sensations are set to host their own radio show.
Barclays has reported a 10% fall in profits for the third quarter of 2015, as it set aside £850m to settle claims
Archaeologists have uncovered the remains of a 2,000-year-old Iron Age settlement in Dorset.
The US has charged seven Iranians with hacking into the computer systems of 32 US companies, including major banks.
The US has carried out its first drone strike in Pakistan since the election of new Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif in May.
Iran has sentenced a US citizen to 10 years in prison on spying charges, state media report.
A £30m creative industries hub planned for Carmarthen is facing a funding crisis, BBC Wales has learned.
Tom Daley won 10m platform silver at the Fina Diving World Cup in Kazan, Russia, to boost his hopes of an Olympic medal in Rio.
Northern Ireland striker Will Grigg says he is still struggling to believe how quickly his career has taken off in the last 12 months.
A jockey who rode Frankel to victory in the 2012 Queen Anne Stakes at Royal Ascot has been banned from driving for 18 months.
The British Racing Drivers' Club (BRDC) has decided not to sell Silverstone Circuit, the home of the British Grand Prix.
The International Olympic Committee has welcomed the idea of North Korea taking part in the 2018 Winter Olympics in South Korea.
A man arrested in connection with the murder of a schoolgirl in West Yorkshire 52 years ago has been released on bail.
A concert featuring Sir Bob Geldof's Boomtown Rats has been cancelled because of poor ticket sales.
Glamorgan will be looking to sign at least one overseas player for the 2017 season, says chief executive Hugh Morris.
Bolivians have voted against allowing President Evo Morales to run for a fourth term in 2019.
Hampshire's T20 Blast quarter-final hopes are in their own hands after a comfortable win over Glamorgan.
The public has until 23:59 GMT on Monday to comment on plans to convert 25 miles of the M4 in Berkshire into a "smart
A proposal to create 10 marine conservation zones off the Welsh coast has been scrapped.
A campaigner has called for a fresh investigation into the murder of a 28-year-old woman in Derbyshire in 1973.
A man has appeared in court charged with supplying drugs believed to have killed a 17-year-old girl.
Portugal has granted citizenship to the descendants of Sephardic Jews expelled from the country 527 years ago.
A 10-year-old boy was denied a seat on an Air Canada flight to Montreal, despite the family having paid for his ticket.
Northern Ireland's 15-year-olds are among the most ambitious in the world, according to a major international study.
England off-spinner Danielle Hazell has been ruled out of the Women's World Twenty20 in India with a broken finger.
Welsh snowboarder Zoe Gillings-Brier is targeting qualification for the 2018 Winter Olympics in South Korea next February.
The Norwegian mass killer who murdered 77 people last July has complained that his prison conditions are "inhumane".
The BBC Sport predictor is back for the Hungarian Grand Prix and you can have another go at picking the podium finishers.
At least 104 people have died in Indonesia's easternmost province of Papua after torrential rains triggered floods and landslides, officials say.
A woman has told a court she was abused by a man when she was aged between five and 10.
Junior doctors in England have voted by 98% to take industrial action in a dispute over a new contract.
The Queen has thanked her followers on Twitter for their birthday wishes after reaching the age of 90.
Alliance Trust has announced a major shake-up of its management and strategy following pressure from investors.
More than 19 million people in China are at risk of drinking water contaminated with arsenic, according to a new study.
A protest by about 100 people has taken place outside Liverpool Town Hall against further cuts to the city's budget.
Boeing has unveiled a new overhead luggage bin design for its 737 aircraft that it says will allow passengers to store more hand luggage.
All 22 councils in Wales have now taken in Syrian refugees under a UK government scheme, according to the latest figures.
The Liberal Democrat leader, Nick Clegg, has said that the UK has the highest rate of imprisonment in Western Europe.
The UK's biggest rail operator was paid £2m by passengers in compensation for delays in 2015-16, figures have revealed.
Nottingham Forest legend Kenny McGowan has warned that £13m-rated striker Ross McCormack must improve to fulfil his potential.
US Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas has asked a question at the bench for the first time in nearly nine years.
The Scottish Borders is to hold a Holyrood by-election on 4 May, it has been confirmed.
Key political figures have been reacting to the outcome of the Northern Ireland Assembly election.
Microsoft has unveiled its most powerful console yet - but virtual reality is conspicuous by its absence.
The brewer Brains is aiming to open 50 coffee shops over the next three years as it seeks to diversify its business.
Manchester City have signed Argentina defender Nicolas Otamendi from Valencia on a five-year deal.
A Slovakian student who murdered a pensioner in Glasgow has been jailed for at least 13 years.
Jose Mourinho says some of his Manchester United players are feeling the pressure after a poor run of results.
A 15-year-old girl was left seriously injured after being hit by a car and then left in the road, police said.
Up to 70 jobs are at risk at a Lanarkshire factory which makes Tannoy loudspeakers.
Former pupils of a north Belfast primary school caught up in the Holy Cross protests 15 years ago have been awarded compensation.
The full text of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf is to be published in Germany for the first time since 1945.
A military plane that crashed into the sea off Myanmar killing 122 people lost control after entering a storm cloud, investigators say.
Newsweek has published its final print edition after 80 years.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car on the M6.
International students contribute more than £250m a year to the Scottish economy, according to a report by accountancy firm PwC.
A man was stabbed during a fight at a gig by US rapper Wiz Khalifa at Glasgow's Barrowland Ballroom.
England's Football Association has called on Uefa to take the "strongest possible action" against Serbia after incidents in their Under-21 match on Tuesday.
More than £50m is to be spent on regeneration projects across south Wales, the Welsh government has announced.
The world's energy consumption grew at its slowest rate for more than a decade in 2014, according to BP's annual review.
Nottinghamshire have re-signed Australian all-rounder Dan Christian for the 2017 T20 Blast.
A new DNA profile has been identified in the investigation into the murder of a teenager whose body was found in a canal 21 years ago.
Japanese shares closed lower on Monday, with Toshiba shares falling after the company said it would report record losses.
The BBC has been given rare access to a remote island where the remains of 18th Century prisoners are being washed away by the sea.
A man who shone a laser pen at a police helicopter in Glasgow has been jailed for 18 months.
The Commonwealth Games Federation has confirmed that Northern Ireland will host the 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games.
Footfall in four of the Scottish Borders' main towns increased last year, according to the latest figures from the Scottish Retail Consortium.
The first named Atlantic hurricane of the 2015 season has formed, the US National Hurricane Centre has said.
The Rugby Players' Association says England's elite stars deserve to earn £1m a year.
The late Tommy Steele has the biggest-selling single of the 1960s that was not recorded by The Beatles.
A 23-year-old man who was shot dead at a birthday party in Surrey has been named by police.
A youth bus pass scheme which was due to end in March will continue until at least the end of the year.
Paul Lawrie has revealed he will undergo surgery on his foot in a bid to revive his flagging career.
A service has been held to remember the fallen on the centenary of the outbreak of World War One.
American golfer David Bohn has been diagnosed with a mild heart attack after withdrawing from the Honda Classic in Florida.
Oil prices have fallen to their lowest level since 2009, as the price of crude continues to slide.
A man who led police on a 50-minute chase at speeds of up to 100mph has been jailed.
At least 15 people have been killed in a shootout between drug gangs in northern Mexico, officials say.
Disney's 1994 animated classic The Lion King has been added to the US National Film Registry.
At least 27 people have died after the roof of a church collapsed during a service in southern Nigeria, officials say.
Ireland's hopes of a first win in a one-day series against Afghanistan were dashed by a controversial umpiring decision.
Wales striker Sam Vokes says they must beat the Republic of Ireland in Dublin on Sunday to keep their World Cup qualification hopes alive.
A 70-year-old man has died following an incident at a house in Glasgow.
A Romanian hacker who claimed to have breached the private email account of Hillary Clinton has been sentenced to 52 months in prison in the US.
Radio 1 DJ Chris Moyles is to be awarded an honorary degree by the University of East Anglia (UEA) on 18 July.
Macau's casinos enjoyed a record year in 2010, with gambling revenue rising by more than half on the previous year.
Tata Steel has been fined after a chemical was accidentally released at its plant in Scunthorpe.
The number of new distilleries in the UK has reached a record high, according to a report.
Plans to expand Luton Airport to handle 30 million passengers a year have been revealed.
A man who sexually assaulted a 12-year-old girl he met on Facebook has been jailed for 30 months.
Former Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has announced his retirement from football management at the age of 65.
The Met Office has issued a yellow 'be aware' warning for wind across Wales on Christmas Day, with gusts of up to 65mph.
The Oscar-winning 12 Years a Slave has seen a surge in interest following its success at Sunday's Academy Awards ceremony.
Syphilis cases in London have risen by more than 250% in five years, according to the latest figures.
A global agreement has been reached to improve airline tracking systems, 18 months after the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines flight MH370.
Sale have signed former Wales scrum-half Mike Phillips for the 2016-17 season.
A £5m hydroelectric power scheme has been scrapped after more than 10 years of planning.
A gang of 10 men who were caught with Â£5m worth of heroin have been jailed for a total of 100 years.
A £260m science and innovation centre has opened in Newcastle.
At least 16 people have been injured after two Amtrak trains collided in Oakland, California, US officials say.
The RSPCA has welcomed a 20% rise in convictions for animal cruelty in Wales in 2013.
The number of cancer patients starting treatment within 62 days of being referred by their GP has fallen for the first time since 2010.
The Football Association and English Football League have pledged £1m to the Grenfell Tower appeal.
The Co-operative Group has said it is on track to return to profitability by 2017, despite a Â£10m loss in the first
The creator of India's famous Rock Garden, Nek Chand, has died at the age of 90.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has arrived in Russia for talks with President Vladimir Putin, her first visit since 2014.
A set of stamps marking the 350th anniversary of the Great Fire of London has been unveiled by Royal Mail.
Prince Harry has been greeted by traditional dancers in Guyana on the penultimate day of his Caribbean tour.
Tributes have been paid to a Swansea City fan who died aged 88 after more than 60 years of supporting the club.
Sheffield United have released midfielder Jose Baxter after he was given a 14-month drugs ban.
A court in Argentina has begun hearing the trial of six former military officers accused of crimes against humanity during the country's military dictatorship.
Australian police have identified 11 young women who they believe are trying to join Islamic State (IS) militants in the Middle East.
The Welsh government has been given £5m to compensate retired firefighters who were underpaid when they retired.
The US has reappointed its ambassador to Cuba, Jeffrey DeLaurentis, for a second tour of duty in Havana.
A man who killed his estranged wife with a weapon he cannot remember using has been found not guilty of murder.
The number of cannabis farms discovered by police in England and Wales has reached a record high, according to a report.
Hearts' main stand project could be completed in 2017 if fans continue to pledge money to the club, according to Ann Budge.
Celtic can make history by reaching the Europa League knockout phase for the first time, says manager Ronny Deila.
Aberdeen have appointed Paul Sheerin as their new Under-20s coach after he left Arbroath to take up the post.
Troy Polamalu, one of the NFL's most recognisable players, has announced his retirement at the age of 33.
A new £20m swimming pool for Derby is being planned, the city council has said.
The UN Commission of Inquiry on Syria is considering publishing a list of 200 suspects accused of war crimes in the country's four-year conflict.
Thousands of people have taken part in protests in towns and cities across Ireland against water charges.
A database of 390 trees and shrubs that can be found in cities has been compiled by scientists.
Russia coach Leonid Slutsky says he will quit after Euro 2016, even if they beat Albania in their final group game on Wednesday.
Police searching for the remains of a missing Lanarkshire schoolgirl in the 1950s have found five "distinct areas" of interest.
A third of teenagers are checking their mobile phones at least once a night before they go to sleep, a survey suggests.
A Chinese takeaway chef who tried to kill a colleague with a meat cleaver has been jailed for 18 years.
A hospital which has 600 staff waiting for a parking space has said it is looking at ways to provide more than 1,000 extra spaces.
Gregor Townsend's Glasgow side are targeting a second Pro12 title in three years, according to stand-off Finn Russell.
Saido Berahino has been banned from driving for a year after admitting drink-driving in Cheshire.
Ecuador's election officials have confirmed that there will be a second round of voting in the presidential election on 2 April.
Hackers have stolen the login details of more than 700 US government employees, according to a security firm.
British Weight Lifting's elite athletes will compete at the European Championships in Norway aiming to secure Olympic qualification.
The United States Soccer Federation (US Soccer) has announced new rules to protect young players from concussions.
Aberdeen-based Proserv has secured contracts worth more than £10m from oil and gas operators in the North Sea.
The US trial of Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has heard graphic details of the injuries suffered by those who died in the attack.
The US has criticised Afghanistan's decision to free 37 prisoners from Bagram jail, saying they are "dangerous insurgents".
The BBC has announced its biggest ever team of more than 250 presenters, pundits and experts for the Rio 2016 Olympics and Paralym
A £10m expansion by an Angus-based oil and gas firm is under way.
A lorry has crashed into a house and derailed a train, leaving the vehicle wedged against the building.
Boyhood has been named best film of 2014 by the New York Film Critics Circle.
A row over a £40m school merger in Gwynedd has escalated with more than 500 people objecting to the plans.
Former Cardiff Blues and Wales lock Dominic Day will play for Cambridge University against Oxford in the 132nd Varsity Match on 5 February.
Land Rover has confirmed that its iconic Defender model will be replaced in 2015, ending more than 60 years of continuous production.
A campaign has been launched to save a 100-year-old swimming pool in Reading from closure.
Darren Stevens' unbeaten 117 gave Kent the upper hand against Essex in their Division Two match at Canterbury.
Body-worn cameras are to be rolled out to all 1,000 Dyfed-Powys Police officers by the end of the month.
Donald Trump is facing criticism from across the political spectrum after a rally he was due to hold in Chicago was cancelled amid violent protests.
A school in Hull has sent home more than 100 pupils for failing to meet its strict new uniform rules.
A US citizen sentenced to 15 years of hard labour in North Korea for "hostile acts" has been found guilty, the country's Supreme Court says.
Average speed cameras are to be used on the M8 and other major roads in central Scotland during a £742m upgrade project.
A British student has been jailed for three months in the United Arab Emirates after being convicted of drug possession.
The International Olympic Committee wants golf's two main tours to comply with World Anti-Doping Agency standards by 2016.
Footage has been released of the final moments of the 16-hour Sydney cafe siege that left two people dead.
A man who posted comments on Facebook calling for the killing of a three-year-old boy who died in suspicious circumstances has been jailed for 10 months.
A £200m retail and leisure development has been given the go-ahead to expand.
Scotland has missed its annual target to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 35% for the second year running.
Manchester City have had a £20m bid for West Bromwich Albion defender Jonny Evans rejected, BBC Sport understands.
A new register for youth workers and work-based learning practitioners has been launched by the Care Council for Wales.
Insurance firm Royal Sun Alliance is to close its Birmingham office with the loss of 190 jobs.
Gemma Arterton is in talks to star in a stage musical based on the 2010 film Made in Dagenham.
Two men who stole sheep from farms across northern England and sold them on have been jailed.
The Grand Secretary of the Orange Order has said the institution is doing everything in its power to stop violence ahead of the 12 July parades.
Real Madrid have been asked by Fifa to provide information on 51 players who joined the club between 2010 and 2015.
Scottish Cup winner Scott Brown says he is "100% focused" on Celtic despite joining Hibernian on loan until 15 January.
The BBC has extended its broadcasting deal with the Six Nations rugby union championship until 2017.
The Football Associations of England and Scotland have said they will ignore Fifa's ban on players wearing poppy armbands against each other on 11 November.
A science discovery centre in Cardiff has been given a five-year reprieve from losing Welsh Government funding.
David Tennant and Billie Piper are to appear in the Doctor Who 50th anniversary special, the BBC has confirmed.
Middlesex have re-signed Brendon McCullum as their T20 Blast captain for the 2017 season.
(Close): Wall Street ended the year on a down note as investors fretted over the impact of falling oil prices on the global economy.
Tesco has agreed to sell its Fresh & Easy business in the US to a private equity firm for $100m (Â£64m).
A wildlife charity has called for fishing to be banned at a country park after a swan was rescued with a fishing hook embedded in its tongue.
A 700-year-old Oxfordshire pub has reopened after being bought by the community.
Anna Christian will lead the British Cycling team at the 2017 UEC European Road Championships in Denmark.
Italian police have arrested 112 people in a nationwide anti-match-fixing operation.
A rise in the use of force at a "resettlement" prison has been highlighted in a report which also found a fifth of inmates felt unsafe.
Cheltenham moved back to the top of the Conference with a late win over fellow promotion chasers Forest Green.
A suggestion to name a £200m polar research ship Boaty McBoatface has taken a firm lead in an online poll.
A chain of bubble tea cafes has said it will pay trainees from 1 August, after criticism over a 40-hour unpaid training scheme.
A 51-year-old man has been arrested by detectives investigating phone hacking at the News of the World.
A 200-year-old windmill in Hampshire has been restored to working order for the first time in 30 years.
England's 2015 Rugby League World Cup quarter-final against France will be live on BBC One from Wembley on 20 November.
A Florida county has reversed a decision to remove a mosque as a polling station, following a public outcry.
At least 30 people have been killed in a series of bomb attacks claimed by IS on a military base in the southern Yemeni city of Aden.
Iran's President has welcomed the election of 17 women to the country's parliament, calling it a "major shift" in public support.
A Newfoundland woman says her 10-year-old son is a hero after he woke her up in the middle of the night to escape a house fire.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teacher was stabbed at a Bradford school.
At least 100 people are feared dead after a landslide triggered by heavy rains swept away a village in western Colombia.
The US public broadcaster PBS says its former moderator Gwen Ifill has died at the age of 61.
UKIP could win up to seven seats at the 2016 assembly election, its Wales leader has predicted.
European eels are making a comeback in Norfolk, according to the Environment Agency.
A firefighter who was suspended after a woman died in a house fire has been sacked.
Jenson Button says he expects Sunday's Abu Dhabi Grand Prix to be his final race in Formula 1.
Former Conservative Home Secretary Lord Waddington has died at the age of 84, his family has announced.
Action camera specialist GoPro is to lay off 270 staff and delay the launch of its new drone until next year.
Yemeni rebels have freed the chief of staff of President Abdrabbuh Mansour Hadi, a day after he was taken hostage in Sanaa.
North Korea is holding its fifth local elections since the end of the Cold War.
British Superbike rider Ian Hutchinson has denied he has given up on road racing.
A packaging firm has blamed the introduction of the 5p plastic bag charge for the closure of its factory and the loss of 40 jobs.
Consumer confidence has fallen to its lowest level since 1994 following the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
A man who helped a driver evade justice for 12 years after a teenager was killed by a stolen car has been jailed.
Paralympic archery world number one Danielle Brown says she will not switch disciplines to try to qualify for the 2016 Rio Olympics.
Cardiff Blues secured their first win in Pool 4 of the European Rugby Champions Cup with a hard-fought victory over French side Pau.
A 20mph speed limit is to be introduced across most of Edinburgh over the next three years.
The FTSE 100 has a record number of female chief executives - but who are they?
A Grade II-listed theatre in Lancashire that has been empty for 20 years is to be sold at auction.
A 90-year-old woman has died following a house fire in Irvine which police are treating as murder.
Scotland's capital city will host the 2017 European Champions Cup final, it has been announced.
Tottenham have signed Spain striker Roberto Soldado from Valencia for a club record fee of about £26m.
A woman with severe learning disabilities has been given permission to be sterilised under anaesthetic against her wishes.
The National Trust has revealed the six teams shortlisted to rebuild a 18th Century mansion destroyed by fire.
A photographic exhibition has been launched to mark the 50th anniversary of the closure of Nottingham's Victoria Station.
A postcard sent to Swansea 29 years ago has finally reached its destination - but the intended recipient is nowhere to be found.
Manchester City Council is to review the effectiveness of 20mph speed limits after a report found they had not reduced accidents as much as hoped.
A former IRA man who escaped from a Belfast court 40 years ago has been jailed for 18 months.
Up to 76 jobs could go at Shrewsbury's Shrewsbury Colleges Group
A man who spent 22 years on death row for a murder he did not commit has been exonerated and freed in the US state of Michigan.
More than 40% of businesses in one Edinburgh street were found to be illegally dumping trade waste in communal bins, the city council has said.
Actor and campaigner Lord Rix has called for a change in the law to allow him to be helped to die at the age of 83.
A former homeless soldier who has dedicated his life to helping others has been recognised in the New Year's Honours list.
India completed a comfortable victory over Sri Lanka in the second Test in Kolkata to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
Tennis is to receive a £250m investment to improve access to courts and facilities over the next decade.
BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game at the 2014 World Cup.
The UK music industry enjoyed its best year for a decade in 2016, according to the British Phonographic Industry (BPI).
A man who died following a crash on the A713 near Corsock in Dumfries and Galloway has been named.
Boyd Rankin has returned to Ireland's squad for the 2017 and 2019 World Cup qualifiers after switching to England in 2
The 2018 county cricket season will start on 13 April and finish on 15 September, the England and Wales Cricket Board has announced.
Leeds Rhinos say the damage caused by flooding to their training ground will cost the club £1m.
At least 20 people have been killed in a fire at a garment factory in Bangladesh, police say.
John Simpson has won the 2014 John Moores Painting Prize, 23 years after he was first shortlisted for the award.
People who regularly take long daytime naps could be at increased risk of developing type-2 diabetes, a study suggests.
A Good Samaritan who drove people to safety after the Manchester Arena attack has said he was "capable of helping" and "wanted to do something".
Police in north Belfast have said they found 16 petrol bombs in a street in the city on Wednesday.
Scotland will have 13 athletes competing in athletics at the Rio Olympics, which begin on 5 August.
Police in western India have arrested a man and are searching for a doctor after 25 female foetuses were found buried in a field.
A man who made a hoax bomb threat to a hospital where he had been treated 19 times has been jailed.
The world's food supply is vulnerable to disruption from climate change, according to a new report.
A portrait of a Cheltenham shopkeeper painted on a warehouse door 80 years ago is to be restored.
Former British track cycling champion Joanna Rowsell Shand is considering a return to the sport for the 2018 Commonwealth Games.
An extra £1m is to be spent on autism services for children in Northern Ireland.
At least 29 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack at a football tournament in Iraq, officials say.
Saudi Arabia has announced plans to build a $500bn (Â£380bn) luxury tourism destination on its Red Sea coast.
A Grade II-listed hall in Manchester has suffered "significant damage" after a fire which is being treated as suspicious.
An Indian court has rejected requests by two Italian marines accused of killing two fishermen in 2012 to extend their stay in Italy.
The death of Muhammad Ali has been the top trending topic on Twitter in the UK since the news was announced on Saturday morning.
A barracks in Powys which has been home to soldiers for more than 200 years is to close in 2027, the Ministry of Defence has
More than 100 skeletons have been uncovered in a graveyard in Peterborough.
Featherstone Rovers secured their place in the Challenge Cup quarter-finals with a hard-fought win over Halifax.
The families of 10 Catholic workmen murdered by loyalists in County Armagh 38 years ago have been told their inquest may be delayed again.
A team of engineers has stepped in to help restore a rare World War Two cipher machine used by the Nazis.
England's Matt Fitzpatrick is in contention to win the Hong Kong Open after a third-round 68 left him tied for the lead.
The BBC is asking: What's your biggest achievement this year?
Andy Carroll will not be recalled to the England squad for Euro 2016 just because he scored a hat-trick for West Ham, says manager Roy H
Bob the Builder is getting a new voice and a new look for a revival of the popular children's TV show.
China has expressed concern about the arrest of 119 Chinese nationals in Zambia on suspicion of illegal mining.
Archaeologists have uncovered a 12th Century castle foundation and a Roman coin during excavations at Auckland Castle.
Work has started on a £250,000 section of Dundee Waterfront, marking the halfway point in the £1bn regeneration project.
A gunman who killed three people in a shooting rampage in Tel Aviv on Wednesday has been shot dead by police, Israeli officials say.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day slightly lower, with shares in Paddy Power Betfair falling after its first results since the merger of the
The government has been accused of failing to help women who have been left in poverty because of changes to the state pension age.
A £4m National Lottery grant has been awarded to help restore a 19th Century university building in Ceredigion.
Notts County have appointed former BBC Radio Nottingham presenter Colin Slater as their new chief executive.
A £1bn tidal lagoon project in Swansea Bay could be scrapped by the government, a Labour MP has warned.
A classic car festival which has been held in Coventry for more than 20 years has been cancelled.
The first full trailer for the 24th James Bond film Spectre has been released.
The crisp maker Walkers has confirmed it will close its factory in County Durham with the loss of 388 jobs.
A £25m inland surfing lagoon in Conwy county is to receive £3m from the Welsh Government.
Blink 182's Tom DeLonge has denied quitting the band, just days after his bandmates announced he had left.
A security guard delivering cash to a bank in Glasgow city centre has been targeted by armed robbers.
Wales football legend Dean Saunders has been offered a free parking stay at Birmingham Airport of up to 48 hours.
Wales and British and Irish Lions lock Luke Charteris is set to join Bath from Racing 92 at the end of the 2015-16
A £30m investment by a local government pension fund in a new housing scheme has been welcomed by the Scottish government.
A Bangladeshi man who was separated from his family for 27 years has been reunited with them after being freed from a Pakistani jail.
More than 50 puppies have been seized by the DSPCA and the RSPCA in a joint operation to stop illegal puppy smuggling.
Butterfly species could be wiped out in England by the middle of this century if global warming continues unabated, research suggests.
A non-emergency NHS 111 phone line has been ranked as a "red risk" to patient safety.
A loan shark who preyed on the vulnerable has been spared jail after paying back £33,000 he illegally lent.
Antonio Conte has been appointed Italy coach until Euro 2016 in France, with the former Juventus boss signing a contract until 2018.
Coca-Cola's first quarter profits fell short of analysts' expectations, sending its shares down 4% in New York trading.
George Clooney has made a 98-year-old woman's dreams come true by visiting her at her care home.
More than 100 doctors and health professionals have written to the Sunday newspapers warning that the NHS is "withering away" under the coalition.
The remains of a 16th Century Italian-style defensive wall have been uncovered at Stirling Castle.
Wrexham have appointed Dean Keates as their new manager on a contract until the summer of 2018.
The government has announced plans to increase the number of medical school places by 25% over the next five years.
Opium production in Afghanistan has reached a record high for the second year in a row, according to the UN.
The death toll from a clash between rival Libyan forces in the western town of Zliten has risen to 140, the LNA says.
More than 70 million girls are at risk of child marriage, according to a new report by Save the Children.
A plane landing at East Midlands Airport was escorted by an RAF Typhoon fighter jet after a suspected fault.
Spotlight has been named best film at the 2015 National Board of Review awards.
I have been collecting matchbox labels for more than 20 years.
WBA bantamweight champion Lee McDonnell will defend his title against Mexico's Cesar 'Pochito' Rosas on 25 March.
A New Zealand zoo has said goodbye to its oldest resident, a 42-year-old Australian pelican named Lanky.
Gordie Howe, one of the greatest ice hockey players of all time, has died at the age of 88.
US-based legal services firm Axiom has announced plans to create 97 new jobs in Belfast.
A woman who has sold poppies for the Royal British Legion for 75 years has been honoured by the charity.
Yorkshire are in talks with the ECB about hosting a County Championship match under floodlights in 2017.
A developer has failed in its bid to build 500 homes on a greenfield site in East Yorkshire.
Charlton have appointed Jose Riga as their new head coach until the end of the season, with the Addicks bottom of the Championship.
The US economy grew at its fastest pace in 11 years in the final three months of 2014, according to official figures.
General Motors is to stop selling cars in India after just over a decade in the market, citing a lack of profitability.
About 300 pilot whales have died after being stranded on a beach in New Zealand.
Liam Livingstone is included in a 14-man squad for England's Twenty20 series against Australia in June.
More than 60 patients who had operations at a mobile theatre at a Somerset hospital are being treated for complications.
Three people were injured when a lorry crashed into a bus on the A34 near Oxford.
Two West Sussex councils have accused the government of "sham" consultation over plans to improve the A27.
A motion calling for a 50% reduction in parking fines in Northern Ireland has been rejected by MLAs at Stormont.
Gordon Stoker, the co-founder of the Jordanaires, who sang backing vocals for Elvis Presley, has died aged 88.
Hampshire batsman James Vince says playing in the World Twenty20 in India will be a "massive opportunity" to impress England selectors.
ScotRail has launched a recruitment drive to create up to 100 new train driver jobs.
A study of children born in Aberdeen 55 years ago is to be used as the basis for a major new health research project.
Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli has announced her retirement from tennis with immediate effect because of injury.
Formula 1 teams have failed to reach a consensus on how to improve qualifying for 2017.
Southampton have signed winger Nathan Redmond from Norwich City for a fee of £10m, subject to a work permit.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says there is "no price" for striker Harry Kane, who has become the Premier League's top scorer
An outbreak of measles in south Wales has reached 32 schools and nurseries, with 50 confirmed cases.
A decision on the future of Perth's former Concert Hall could be made within weeks, with a food hall bid now the preferred option.
A 26-year-old man has died following a disturbance in Glasgow's Royston area.
The 20th anniversary of the closure of Ipswich Airport is being marked with a reunion and exhibition.
Soldiers spent less than half of their time on the Western Front during World War One, a new study has found.
A row has broken out within the Welsh Conservative group at the Senedd over the party's stance on the M4 relief road.
A former Charlton Athletic youth player has claimed he was abused by a scout working for the club in the 1980s.
A 16-year-old boy who died after a party has been named locally as George Verrier.
British gymnast Daniel MacKenzie has switched allegiance to South Africa in a bid to compete at the 2016 Olympics in Rio.