Volunteers are surveying 200 churches in Norfolk for medieval graffiti.
A four-year-old boy is in a critical condition after being set on fire by another child in Texas, say police.
A man has admitted being involved in smuggling cocaine with a street value of £50m into the UK.
Rihanna has cancelled a concert in France after the lorry attack in Nice that killed at least 84 people.
The 96 Liverpool football fans who died in the Hillsborough disaster have been awarded the city's highest honour.
The IPC Athletics World Indoor Championships and the British Indoor Athletics International Match will take place on 19 February.
Leigh Centurions have signed Australian half-back Daniel Mortimer on a 12-month contract.
A court in Somalia's capital, Mogadishu, has sentenced 400 foreigners to deportation for overstaying their visas.
Monsoon rains have killed at least 146 people in South Asia, with many more missing.
Tiger Woods has spent 10 weeks outside the world's top 100 for the first time since 1996.
Volleyball will miss out on the 2021 Island Games because of a lack of space on Guernsey.
Luis Suarez will return to Anfield to play in a charity match against Liverpool on Sunday, 28 June.
At least 27 people have been killed in a derailment of a fuel tanker train in Burma (Myanmar), officials say.
Facebook has been ordered to stop tracking non-users in Belgium for 48 hours.
South Africa's Western Cape province has declared a disaster status for a drought that has affected about one million people.
Shares in mining giant Glencore fell more than 10% on Monday, as fears over its debt pile continued to weigh on the market.
Two slip roads at a junction of the M1 motorway in Leicestershire will be closed for 72 hours.
A teenager who suffered brain damage due to medical errors has been awarded £10m damages.
England manager Roy Hodgson expects Harry Kane to join the Under-21s for the European Championship in the Czech Republic.
Former England opener Robert Key has announced his retirement from cricket after a 19-year career.
A man who stabbed a 17-year-old man to death in Gloucestershire has been jailed for life.
Pope Francis has paid tribute to the victims of a bomb attack on an Argentine Jewish centre, marking its 20th anniversary.
Michael Phelps says he will retire after the Rio Olympics in 2016.
A two-year-old boy has lost his eye after a drone crashed into a tree.
Guns N' Roses have announced a string of European tour dates, including a return to Ireland for the first time since 1992.
Austria secured their place at Euro 2017 by drawing with Wales in Cardiff.
The world premiere of The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey, the first in a trilogy of films, will be held in Wellington, New Zealand.
The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1 has topped the UK box office for the second weekend in a row.
Police investigating the murder of a man with learning difficulties in Belfast 12 years ago have re-opened the case.
RBS is moving 400 jobs to India as part of a cost-cutting drive.
Honduras has suspended 10 of its consuls in the US over allegations that they were selling fake IDs.
India's new government will present its first full-year budget on 7 July, a senior finance ministry official has said.
Car insurance premiums rose 16% in the past year, according to research by Confused.com.
The owner of a dog that mauled an 11-month-old baby girl to death has admitted breaching the Dangerous Dogs Act.
Los Angeles has formally launched its bid to host the 2024 Summer Olympics.
The founder of a children's hospice which helps terminally ill youngsters has died aged 62.
Fishers Services has opened a new £10m laundry facility in Cumbernauld.
A theme park where an 11-year-old girl died after falling from a theme park water ride will reopen on Saturday.
The last words spoken on missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 were "good night" and not "all right, good night", officials say.
Tyrone will defend their 2017 Ulster Senior Football Championship title against Derry in the opening round.
Sheffield Forgemasters has won contracts worth £100m to build parts for US Navy submarines.
A 70-year-old cancer survivor has reached the South Pole.
The number of people living with cancer in Scotland has reached a record high since 2016, according to a charity.
A paedophile who sexually assaulted four children over a 22-year period has been jailed for 12 years.
Sam Smith has held off Madonna to keep his album at the top of the UK album chart for a 10th week.
Former Glamorgan coach and player Jim Derrick has died at the age of 55 after a battle with cancer.
Walsall moved up to third in League One as they beat Peterborough United for the fifth consecutive home league game.
The FA Cup third round is upon us, with the biggest names in English football looking to avoid an upset.
The number of stray dogs being put to sleep in Northern Ireland has fallen by 30%.
A mother's body was concealed for 12 years before it was discovered in a garden, a court has heard.
A dog that had been missing for 12 days has been rescued after becoming trapped in a gorge in the Highlands.
Two women who claimed £77,000 in benefits after their friend died have been jailed.
A man who has been jailed 10 times for breaching his ASBO has been sent to prison again.
India has agreed to buy 36 Rafale fighter jets from France, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced.
The classic film Chariots of Fire is to be re-released to coincide with the London 2012 Olympics.
Microsoft is considering a bid of around $20bn to buy Yahoo, according to reports.
A plane crash in central Cuba has killed all 61 people on board, Cuban officials say.
Fast and Furious 6 has topped the UK box office chart in its opening weekend.
China has sent a fleet of 120 ships to sail near disputed East China Sea islands, Japan says.
A car and knife attack in the far-western Chinese region of Xinjiang has killed five people, state media say.
Taylor Swift has been accused of stealing artwork for her 1989 album and failing to pay the artist.
Sussex fast bowler Matt Hobden has died at the age of 22.
The barcode is celebrating its 60th anniversary - but it is still going strong.
Billy Monger, who had a crash in a Formula 4 race, has left hospital and is on the mend.
A £1m investment is being made in a leading Scottish economic research institute to mark its 40th anniversary.
Ulster will be without two of their internationals for Saturday's Pro12 game against Cardiff Blues.
Up to 55 new homes in York have been built in the wrong place, it has emerged.
Measures to combat ticket touts for the record-breaking stage play Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, have been announced.
Olympic champion Hannah Mills is considering competing at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics after taking a break from sailing.
A fundraiser sold Jeremy Corbyn's coffee cup on eBay for £51 after he left it on her table at a rally.
The candidates in the 2016 mayoral election are making promises about transport fares.
Labour MP Graham Allen has said he will not fight the Nottingham North seat at the 2017 general election.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day higher, recovering some of the ground lost on Tuesday.
A blind veteran of the Afghanistan war has set his sights on competing for Great Britain at the Rio Games in 2016.
Haiti has announced plans to recruit a new army, 25 years after the country abolished its military.
A 17-year-old boy has been jailed for 12 years for stabbing a man in the head in a "drug-related" attack.
Great Britain have won eight medals at the Rio Olympics, with Mo Farah and Greg Rutherford claiming gold.
A charity has criticised a company selling £1,000 work experience to schoolchildren to help them get into medical school.
Former Sri Lanka fast bowler Chaminda Vaas has been appointed as a spin bowling consultant for Ireland's World Twenty20 campaign.
A 17-year-old boy has died of Ebola in Liberia, the first reported case of the disease in the country since it was declared free of the
A former Scout leader has been jailed for 22 years for sexually abusing boys in his care.
A former prisoner of war who survived being tortured by the Japanese has died aged 101.
A team of historians has identified 15 people as descendants of Leonardo da Vinci.
Soldiers have suffered 76 injuries during live firing exercises at a Northumberland training area in the last year, figures have revealed.
A son who stabbed his father 26 times has been jailed for life.
David Florence won gold in the C1 at the Canoe Slalom World Championships in Spain.
The head of a multi-academy trust that runs 10 schools has been suspended after an Ofsted inspection found "serious weaknesses".
Sir Stirling Moss has left hospital after a serious illness, 20 days after coming out of a coma following a crash at Goodwood.
Lancashire Police has said it needs to save an extra £20m due to government budget cuts.
A 13-year-old girl helped deliver her baby brother in North Carolina, US, after being upset she couldn't see the birth.
BBC Radio 4 has decided to keep the Saturday Review show after announcing its cancellation earlier this month.
The 2016 Oscars ceremony has seen a significant drop in ratings, according to US network ABC.
Wales could face a difficult pool at the 2019 World Cup in Japan if they drop further in the world rankings.
President Donald Trump has held a fundraising dinner for his 2020 re-election campaign in Washington.
Hampshire opener James Vince was 52 not out as they reached 116-4 at the close of play on day one against Sussex.
Great Britain's Stephen Milne finished fourth in the men's 400m freestyle at the World Championships in Kazan.
Hewlett-Packard Enterprise (HPE) has unveiled plans for a new supercomputer it says will be in operation in 2017.
Voters in Scotland are heading to the polls to decide who will represent them at Westminster in the general election on 7 May.
Plans to transform Swansea's main shopping street at a cost of £10m have been met with mixed reactions.
A charity has been awarded £1m after winning a High Court battle over a will which left it a fortune.
The number of people who have died from an Ebola outbreak in Guinea has risen to 78, officials say.
The water quality at 17 beaches in Scotland has been rated as "poor", according to the Scottish Environment Protection Agency.
At least 16 people have died and hundreds more injured from hornet stings in China's Shaanxi province, officials say.
Two Italian teams face expulsion from the Pro12 league if they fail to pay their share of the prize fund by the end of May.
Five people have died in a crash on the A34 in Berkshire.
The number of times more people in England and Wales are being sent to court over unpaid Council Tax debts compared to five years ago is 100, according to a
Richard Kilty has withdrawn from the World Indoor Championships in Portland, Oregon, on 14-15 March, in favour of the 100m
A gang of men allegedly sexually abused girls as young as 12 in Bristol and London, a court has heard.
The Scottish government has admitted that a £10bn investment deal with Chinese companies failed to materialise.
A healthy person carries about 400 genetic flaws or mutations in their DNA, according to new research.
Australian authorities have warned of "major flooding" in the city of Rockhampton, which is experiencing its worst floods in 40 years.
A woman who murdered her partner has been jailed for 20 years.
More than 150 community, political and business groups have issued a statement supporting Australian rules footballer Adam Goodes.
A family has returned home for the first time in 12 months after a sinkhole appeared outside their house.
Five people have died on Northern Ireland's roads so far this year, the environment minister has said.
Gloucestershire's police force is to undergo its first major reorganisation in 15 years.
Plans for 31 new travellers' pitches have been approved by Solihull Council.
About 155 homes in Blaenau Gwent still have no gas supply after a water leak.
Two Welsh Labour AMs have announced they will stand down in 2016.
The Scottish economy experienced a slowdown in growth in the final quarter of 2015, according to a leading business survey.
Almost one in 20 shops in London sold knives to children during test purchases, a new report has found.
The creator of the dance anthem Children, Robert Miles, has died at the age of 47.
At least 37 people have been killed when a residential building collapsed in the southern Indian city of Chennai, officials say.
Jack and Emily were the most popular baby names in Northern Ireland in 2014, according to official figures.
A 14-year-old girl took her own life and there was no evidence to support claims she was bullied online, an inquest has heard.
Canterbury Cathedral has raised almost £24m for the restoration of its nave.
The number of new businesses starting up in Wales has fallen since 2011, according to new figures.
A school has defended sending home 15 girls for wearing skirts that were too short.
A 24-year-old stuntwoman has died while filming a motorcycle scene for the Deadpool sequel.
A suicide bomb attack in north-western Afghanistan has killed at least 30 people, officials say.
At least 71 people have been killed in a crash involving a bus and a truck in Ghana, officials say.
Martin Warren has revealed he used a training aid at the Alfred Dunhill Links Championship to move up 100 places in the world rankings.
The Irish government has announced that up to 15% of state-owned bank Allied Irish Banks (AIB) is to be sold to the public.
Ariana Grande has cancelled the remaining dates of her US tour following the Manchester bomb attack that killed 22 people.
Valuation details of homes earmarked for demolition on HS2 Phase 1 were lost in a postal bag, it has emerged.
Glasgow has been selected as one of the host cities for Euro 2020.
Former Irish Foreign Minister Peter Barry has died aged 78.
Former Philippine Senator Miriam Defensor-Santiago has died at the age of 61.
A power failure on a railway line into London led to more than 20 trains being cancelled.
The number of people whose identities were stolen for fraud last year rose by 50%, according to a fraud prevention service.
Miles Jupp is to take over as host of BBC Radio 4's The News Quiz.
The number of serious further offences committed by people under supervision for serious crimes has risen by 32%, official figures show.
The turnout in the 2017 Northern Ireland Assembly election was 59%, according to the Electoral Office.
Southampton City Council plans to save almost £1m by closing day centres and a residential home for elderly people with dementia.
A collection of 10 previously unreleased Bob Marley tracks are being released on Monday.
Indian anti-corruption campaigner Anna Hazare has broken his 10-day hunger strike to accept a glass of fruit juice.
A supermassive black hole at the centre of a nearby galaxy has been quiet for 12 years, astronomers have found.
About 150 school janitors in Glasgow are to begin an open-ended strike in a dispute over pay.
Scottish soul singer Alistair "Ali" Diamond has died at the age of 62.
Scotland has had its wettest winter on record in 2015/16, according to the Met Office.
A black cab driver who sexually assaulted two sleeping passengers has been jailed for 12 years.
Rory McIlroy ended a 14-month PGA Tour victory drought by winning the Deutsche Bank Championship in Boston.
Alastair Cook has stepped down as England captain after leading his country in 59 Test matches.
Joe Medicine Crow, the last living Crow war chief, has died in the US state of Montana aged 102.
Manchester United have signed England left-back Luke Shaw from Southampton for a club-record £27m.
A former PoW who survived the atomic bombing of Nagasaki has died at the age of 97.
The new individual electoral register will be introduced by the end of 2014, the government has announced.
The chief executive and chairman of 7-Eleven Australia have stepped down after 10 years in their roles.
Don McLean and The Dubliners are to be honoured at this year's BBC Radio 2 Folk Awards.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed at a record high, driven by strong growth in the services sector.
A Christmas carol service at a Dorset church was attended by more than 10 pets and their owners.
The number of elderly people needing care will more than double to 277 million by 2030, a report warns.
The Africa Cup of Nations will be moved to June and July from 2019, the Confederation of African Football (Caf) has announced.
Regulators at the CMA or the EC could decide the fate of the proposed merger of O2 and Three.
A widower has been billed £160 after his wife's funeral for "extra time" spent at the graveside.
A Florida prosecutor who said she would not seek the death penalty in a high-profile murder case has had 21 other cases reassigned by the governor.
A new tax collection body will begin collecting taxes in Wales from 2018, the Welsh government has announced.
The US has agreed to buy 32 tonnes of heavy water from Iran, in a move that critics say undermines sanctions against the country.
A 19-year-old woman found dead in a park is being treated as a murder victim, police have said.
Mountain biking has been dropped from the 2019 Island Games after the event was moved to Gibraltar.
Valentine's Day is celebrated on 14 February.
A 42-year-old man was shot dead by police during a hostage incident in Greater Manchester.
A 15-year-old boy who stabbed another teenager in the street has been jailed.
About 20 people have been left homeless after a fire at a Walkabout pub in Manchester city centre.
Liam Watt hopes to be involved with Scotland at the 2018 World Cup.
Climbing will make its debut at the Olympics in Tokyo in 2020, the International Olympic Committee has announced.
Ten South Yorkshire Police officers are being investigated over their handling of child sexual exploitation cases.
McLaren have not won a Formula 1 race since 2012 but the team will not give up, says former boss Ron Dennis.
The new qualifying system for Formula 1 will not be ready for the start of the season, Bernie Ecclestone has said.
Liverpool have agreed a £29m transfer fee for Hoffenheim striker Roberto Firmino.
A Harris Tweed company is to expand its operations, creating 30 new jobs.
Polling stations have closed in the Republic of Ireland after a general election to choose the next government.
Email traffic that is spam has fallen below 50% for the first time in 10 years, according to security firm Symantec.
Salford Red Devils will be without half-back Olinson-Brown for 12 weeks after he suffered a broken jaw.
Microsoft has changed the way users can download apps from the Windows Store, meaning they now need permission from the company.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens was the big winner at the 2016 MTV Movie Awards.
A man has been charged with firearms offences following a police operation on the M62 on Monday.
Girls across the world are being urged to join a 16-day UN campaign against violence against women.
A man who was cleared of rape has spoken out after being given a sexual risk order with a condition he says is "impossible" to comply with.
Two people have been killed and about 30 injured in the derailment of an Amtrak train near Philadelphia.
China will close its domestic ivory market by the end of 2017, the government has announced.
A woman accused of murdering an 89-year-old blind woman and stealing from her has denied the charges.
Two 15-year-old boys have been remanded in custody in connection with the deaths of a mother and her daughter.
Gozie Ugwu's goal gave 10-man Woking a first away win in the National League since September.
A 14-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with the rape of a girl in a park.
Karen Danczuk has announced she is standing to be the Labour candidate in Bury North at the 8 June general election.
The Simpsons co-creator Sam Simon has died at the age of 59.
Coldplay have announced the title of their new album, A Head Full of Dreams, which will be released on 6 November.
The trial of Ibrahim Halawa, the Dublin man being held in an Egyptian prison, has been postponed for the 18th time.
A 44-year-old man has been arrested after cannabis plants were discovered during a police raid in Falkirk.
Paul Hollywood has said he will "make sure" The Great British Bake Off stays the same when it moves to Channel 4.
Aneurin Donald says Glamorgan are aiming for glory in the T20 Blast after reaching the quarter-finals.
A Twin Otter aircraft nicknamed Joey has made its final flight after 35 years of service.
A man convicted of downloading indecent images of children has been disqualified from claiming Jobseeker's Allowance.
About 60 firefighters are tackling a fire at a recycling plant in Newry.
A man has been re-arrested over a murder charge in 1998.
A total of 223 cases of a bug which causes diarrhoea and sickness have been confirmed in the South West.
Chinese authorities have arrested 18 people in China on suspicion of gambling-related crimes, Australian media report.
Thailand has transferred over 50 police officers to other regions as part of a crackdown on human trafficking.
Typhoon Soudelor has killed at least 15 people in China after making landfall on the mainland, state media say.
More than 100 European students have withdrawn their applications to study at Aberystwyth University following the Brexit vote.
Herbal remedies used by Sir Walter Scott in 1820 will be rediscovered during a series of nature festivals.
Michael Dunlop and Derek Sheils were the big winners at the Cookstown 100 road races on Sunday.
Valentino Rossi ended a 15-month wait for a MotoGP victory by winning at Misano.
Seven men have been jailed for stabbing a drug dealer with a 12in knife in Exeter.
The new update of the 1949 comedy film Whisky Galore has been released on DVD.
A group of business leaders has called for a third phase of the proposed high-speed rail network to include stops in Bradford and York.
Wales Women drew with Israel Women in their Group 8 World Cup qualifying campaign in Israel.
A remote Scottish island has been partially powered by wind for more than 30 years.
The founder of the micronation Sealand, Roy Bates, has died at the age of 81.
The health minister has pledged £8m to address a funding crisis in learning disability services in Londonderry.
Archaeologists believe they have discovered the remains of a lost 15th Century chapel built by Richard III.
Aldershot Town were unable to find a way past 10-man York City as the sides played out a goalless draw.
Algeria have appointed Albert Alcaraz as coach for their 2018 World Cup qualifiers.
A bride whose 19th Century wedding dress went missing has been reunited with the lace garment.
Callum Hawkins is the defending champion at the European Cross Country Championships in the 10,000m.
A new steel processing company is to be created in Caerphilly county, creating 20 new jobs.
Andy Carroll could return to action for West Ham against Newcastle on 12 September, according to manager Slaven Bilic.
Hampshire have re-signed West Indies fast bowler Fidel Edwards as their overseas player for the 2017 season.
The Ryder Cup will be broadcast live on BBC TV and radio from 30 September to 2 October.
Character actor Paul Wingreen, who played Boba Fett in Star Wars, has died aged 93.
A driver who killed himself and 25 others in a bus crash in Taiwan last month planned the attack, officials say.
Essex set Leicestershire 70 to win after the hosts took a first-innings lead of 47 at Chelmsford.
A GP who sexually abused young patients more than 40 years ago is being investigated by police.
Harlequins are sending American footballer Psalm Wooching to play in the World Club 10s tournament in Mauritius.
A toddler has survived after falling 30ft from a third-floor balcony in Minneapolis.
Jost Capito is to leave McLaren's Formula 1 team, BBC Sport has learned.
A 16-year-old boy has to photoshop his selfies to hide his double chin.
A record number of new cars were sold in the UK in 2016, according to the industry body.
Chinese teams will play in the German under-23 reserve league from next season, according to the German FA.
Germany is the economic powerhouse of Europe. But 22 years after reunification in 1990, it is still struggling to find its place.
A mother has admitted failing to get help for her 18-month-old daughter who died from a brain injury.
Yorkshire closed day one on 170 at Nottinghamshire, with Alex Lees unbeaten on 91.
At least 20 people have been killed in a car bomb attack in eastern Iraq, officials say.
The family of US comedian Joan Rivers has reached a settlement in a malpractice lawsuit over her death in 2014.
At least 34 people have been killed in an attack by Islamic State (IS) militants in the Iraqi city of Tikrit, officials say.
People born in 1915 are in better health than those born a decade earlier, a study suggests.
Police have launched a search for a 64-year-old man who has gone missing from his home in Belfast.
The percentage of ambulance staff in Wales taking sick leave has fallen to 7% over the past year.
A man who stole personal details of more than 1,000 US military personnel and federal employees and gave them to Islamic State militants has pleaded guilty.
Landslides in western Japan have killed at least 21 people, officials say.
Drug testing in Spain's top flight has not been carried out for 12 months, during a suspension of the country's anti-doping agency.
Edinburgh head coach Richard Solomons believes his side have closed the gap on Glasgow Warriors in the Pro12.
A hospital trust has admitted 22 cancer patients have died or been harmed because they were "lost to follow-up" over the past five years.
Morecambe midfielder Kevin Ellison, 36, has been offered a new contract by the League Two club.
Russia's Investigative Committee has opened a criminal probe into the cause of a helicopter crash in western Siberia that killed 19 people.
About 200 steelworkers from across the UK have gathered in London to protest against cheap Chinese steel.
John Agard has been awarded the Queen's Gold Medal for Poetry 2014.
The Daily Mail's astrologer Jonathan Cainer has died at the age of 62.
Spanish rider Ivan Vicente Maeso is set to compete in the 2016 North West 200.
Scientists are to use new DNA techniques in a bid to identify a man murdered in a car 85 years ago.
A man has died in south London 13 years after he was shot in the chest in a nightclub.
The birth rate in Scotland increased for the first time in four years in 2014, according to National Records of Scotland.
A fire has destroyed a historic Norfolk building dating back to the 19th Century.
Gareth Southgate has turned down the role of interim manager for the England senior team.
People are paying an average of £2000 to withdraw cash from their pension pots, according to Citizens Advice.
45 Years has received four nominations at the 2016 Evening Standard British Film Awards.
Two men have been found guilty of being part of a child sex ring involving girls as young as 13.
India and Pakistan have agreed to discuss the 1965 war between the two countries, as part of a thaw in relations.
Tram tracks which were buried under Nottingham's streets more than 100 years ago could be going on display.
The Northern Ireland Environment Minister has approved a 20-megawatt wind farm.
England has submitted an expression of interest to host the 2022 Commonwealth Games.
An investigation has been launched into claims staff at a 111 call centre fell asleep on the job.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has executed 15 senior officials in the first four months of the year, South Korea's spy agency says.
Manny Pacquiao will fight for the WBO welterweight title against Jessie Vargas on 5 November, his manager has said.
At least 17 people have died in floods in the Indian Ocean island of Mauritius, officials say.
Defending Olympic champion Nicola Adams will begin her Rio 2016 campaign with a bye in the women's 64kg.
Police are returning 150 vehicles that were parked illegally near Gatwick Airport.
Ireland suffered a defeat by Bangladesh in their final warm-up match before the Women's World Twenty20.
Human remains found during a search for a missing woman were those of a woman aged 23, police have said.
A family of eight who have been living in temporary accommodation for two years has turned down a four-bedroom house.
Hillary Clinton has secured more than 50 delegates in the three western states that held primaries on Saturday.
An ambulance service is recruiting more than 100 paramedics in a bid to improve response times.
Members of a Londonderry flute band who fought in the Battle of the Somme 100 years ago are to be honoured.
An Indian man who admitted to spying for Pakistan has been released after 30 years in prison.
The police ombudsman is to investigate whether the Royal Ulster Constabulary had an informer in the IRA before the 1993 bomb attack in B
New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum will retire after the second Test against Australia in Christchurch on Sunday, having played 101 Test matches.
Bosnian Serbs have voted overwhelmingly to celebrate 9 January as their statehood day.
A court order allowing doctors to remove a tumour from an 11-year-old boy has been made amid fears his parents will flee the country.
Gunmen have kidnapped 30 Hazara men in southern Afghanistan, officials say.
More than 150 scientists have urged the postponement or relocation of the Rio Olympics because of the Zika virus.
A derelict factory where a fire destroyed 35 cars last week has been targeted again.
Ofsted has criticised Medway's school improvement services after finding 11 primary schools in the area are rated as "inadequate".
About 100 people have protested outside the British embassy in Kigali, Rwanda, in support of Gen Fredrick Karake.
California's governor has scrapped a proposal to reduce petroleum use in the state by 50% by 2030.
Ryanair is adding 18 new routes to Scottish airports this winter.
Two pilots who escaped from the Dominican Republic in 2013 while under house arrest have returned to France, French media report.
Women in their 20s are more likely to get pregnant if they have had their tonsils or appendix removed, a study suggests.
A £1bn City Deal for Cardiff could be agreed by the end of the year, a report has said.
A man who was cleared of raping a 20-year-old woman has said he feels "devastated" by the impact of the accusation.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower on Thursday, with shares in Sky dragging on the index.
Delta is close to ordering 125 planes from Bombardier, according to reports.
Merseyrail workers have begun a 24-hour strike in a dispute over the role of guards on trains.
2017 is being promoted as the Year of Legends, with a series of events and activities being held across Wales.
Misao Okawa, the world's oldest person, has died in Japan at the age of 117.
Yorkshire have re-signed New Zealand captain Kane Williamson for the 2016 season.
At least 118 forest fires have broken out in northern Spain, officials say.
Wales needs to show more ambition in tackling climate change, a group of campaigners will say at the COP21 conference in Paris.
Formula 1 team McLaren is to create 250 new jobs at its Surrey factory.
Leinster ran in eight tries in a 60-0 Pro12 victory over Zebre at the RDS Arena.
Ferguson Marine has been awarded a £1m grant to help rebuild its shipyard.
Cardiff Blues head coach Danny Wilson was delighted with his side's character after they beat Edinburgh with 13 men.
Formula 1 (F1) has signed a one-year partnership with Snapchat to cover the 2017 season.
Glasgow Warriors have signed Scotland-qualified New Zealand wing Sean Maitland from Super Rugby side Chiefs.
Antonio 'Tony' Vandelli has been forced to withdraw from Channel 4's The Jump after injuring his ankle.
A boy from Afghanistan who was photographed wearing a Messi shirt for the 2022 World Cup has met the Barcelona star.
At least 13 people have been shot at a memorial for a teenage girl who was killed in a gang shooting in Chicago.
Facebook has apologised after its "Year in Review" feature caused distress for a US man whose daughter had died in 2014.
Division Two leaders Derbyshire are in a strong position to beat Worcestershire after the visitors were bowled out for 164 on day two.
Two men have been arrested in Austria on suspicion of helping the Paris attackers, who struck on 13 November.
A 12-year-old cellist has won the BBC Young Musician competition.
Welsh artist Bedwyr Williams has won the eighth Artes Mundi prize.
British driver Jolyon Palmer has been signed to race for Renault in 2017.
The trial of an Irish teenager arrested in Egypt in 2013 has been adjourned for the 15th time.
A company aiming to develop a mine in Cornwall has received a £1m investment to help it do so.
The murder of a prostitute in Lanarkshire in 2005 has been reopened for investigation.
Haas have unveiled their 2017 Formula 1 car, which will be driven by Romain Grosjean and Kevin Magnussen.
A design contract for the upgrade of the A96 has been awarded, the Scottish government has announced.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed slightly lower, with mining shares dragging on the index.
More than half of all roads in UK cities are congested, according to a new study.
A union representing actors has voted in favour of a strike against the video game industry by more than 75%.
A 19th Century French Impressionist painting is to be kept in the UK after the government placed a temporary export bar on it.
S Club 7 have announced the dates for their 2015 reunion tour.
The number of bicycles stolen by muggers in London has risen by 40% in the past three years, figures have shown.
France is hosting a meeting in Paris on Tuesday of 20 countries to discuss the situation in Iraq.
Jeremy Corbyn has pledged to invest £200bn in coastal towns if he wins the Labour leadership election.
Seven people were treated in hospital after a chemical incident at a leisure centre in south-west London.
The US government was granted a warrant to search more than 400 Facebook accounts, the social media giant has revealed.
Leicestershire have signed all-rounder Kevin O'Brien for the T20 Blast competition.
About 150 people have taken part in the first gay pride march in Ukraine's capital, Kiev.
The former BHS boss who took £1 from the retailer has been banned from driving after being caught speeding.
Barnsley have appointed Paul Heckingbottom as their new head coach on an 18-month contract.
The Welsh government is to announce plans to merge Wales' 22 councils into eight or nine new authorities.
A former Scottish Mutual building in Belfast is to be transformed into a hotel after a £15m investment.
Daimler shares have dropped 5% after the carmaker announced an investigation into diesel emissions.
Pauline Hanson's One Nation party has secured a place in the Australian upper house, after final Senate results were announced on 11 July.
Police investigating the disappearance of a girl 35 years ago have released a new e-fit of a man they want to trace.
The former Labour minister and MP Ann Clwyd will stand for re-election in the Cynon Valley in the 2015 general election in May.
More than 150 people have died around Scotland's coastline over the past four years, according to the Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI).
Celtic's Scottish Cup semi-final against Rangers will be held on Saturday, 16 April.
A man has completed a six-day swim down the River Severn from source to sea.
Two 17-year-old boys died in what police are investigating as a possible suicide pact.
A South African court has halted the deportation of 150 African migrants, who were due to be sent back to their home countries.
Two Welsh scientists are to lead a £16m research project into dementia.
A critically endangered loggerhead turtle has been given a new lease of life thanks to a 3D printed prosthetic beak.
A man who sexually abused a teenager has been jailed for six years after admitting grooming the 17-year-old.
Former England captain Charlotte Edwards has retired from cricket and Kent after 16 years with the county.
The demolition of a castle which inspired Shakespeare is to be marked on the 40th anniversary of its destruction.
The Davis Cup and Fed Cup finals will be held as a combined event in Geneva from November 2018.
A police officer shot dead 25 years ago has been remembered at a memorial service.
Clara Amfo is to take over the Official Chart Show on BBC Radio 1.
The government is to release 30 files about the Orgreave coking plant riots, the BBC has learned.
A former Olympic athlete has celebrated his 100th birthday with a party.
A driver who led police on a dangerous high-speed chase at more than 140mph has been jailed.
A £12m new office development in Wolverhampton city centre has been given the go-ahead.
More than 140 school staff were underpaid after a new payroll system was introduced, the county council has said.
Red Bull have taken up an option on Carlos Sainz for 2017, the team have confirmed.
King John's teeth are to be displayed as part of an exhibition celebrating the 800th anniversary of the Magna Carta.
At least 15 people have been killed in a suicide attack at a dog-fighting competition in southern Afghanistan, officials say.
The University of Lincoln is to receive £10m to build a new health science centre.
Drake's single One Dance has spent a 13th week at the top of the UK singles chart.
Samsung is bringing back the Galaxy Note 7 as a "fan edition" smartphone.
Frome Town manager Jonas Bunyard has been suspended for 18 months for betting on football matches.
Edinburgh back Blair Kinghorn has signed a new contract with the club until May 2019.
John Lewis has appointed Paula Nickolds as its new managing director.
The Irish government has announced it will pardon a man executed for murder 75 years ago.
The World Snooker body has launched a campaign to get the sport included in the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
Great Britain basketball star Drew Sullivan has announced his retirement at the age of 35.
Teachers in Powys have held a one-day strike in a dispute over plans to reorganise secondary schools in the county.
Three men have been jailed for sexually abusing boys at a children's home more than 50 years ago.
Celtic players have paid tribute to a 13-year-old boy who died after collapsing during a football match.
A 94-year-old Nigerian man has died shortly after enrolling in secondary school.
Tom Smith was dismissed for 259 as Hampshire dominated the second day against Lancashire.
A total of 65 jobs are being cut at a Terex Trucks factory in North Lanarkshire.
A man posing as a roofer has been sought by police after he stole a 90-year-old woman's life savings.
The German Medical Association has criticised a new EU proposal that would give power to approve human drug tests to national authorities in the 28 EU member states.
The Colombian government has asked the US to provide more information about alleged sexual abuse of teenage girls by US soldiers in Colombia between 2007 and 201
A 14-year-old girl has managed to get a selfie with Prince William.
A £2m scheme to help people with mental health problems take up sport is to be launched next year.
Being overweight has become less risky for early death than being a normal weight since 2000, a study suggests.
Shares in Stanley Gibbons jumped 18% on Monday after the rare stamp dealer announced it was considering a sale.
Troon's refusal to admit female members has left the 2016 Open Championship in doubt.
Glamorgan beat Gloucestershire by three runs in a thrilling finish to their One-Day Cup match at Bristol.
Scarlets secured a bonus-point victory over Pro12 leaders Leinster at Parc y Scarlets.
Sri Lanka fast bowler Lasith Malinga has been ruled out of the World Twenty20 in India because of injury.
A 21-year-old man who killed a 36-year-old in an unprovoked attack has been jailed for four years.
Great Britain's women's pursuit team are aiming to break the 3000m world record at the London Track World Cup.
Typhoon Bopha has killed at least 54 people in the southern Philippines, officials say.
Up to 20 pop-up brothels are operating in Swindon each week, police have said.
Newcastle United manager Rafael Benitez says the club's £29m January transfer window spending shows their ambition.
Footballers Gary Neville and Ryan Giggs have put their £250m St Michael's development in Manchester on hold.
A 20-year-old soldier from the Yorkshire Regiment has been killed in Afghanistan.
Hackers stole 53 million email addresses during a data breach at US retailer Home Depot, the company has said.
A leading opposition figure in the Democratic Republic of Congo, Etienne Tshisekedi, has died at the age of 84.
At least 21 people were injured on an Air Canada flight from Toronto to Hong Kong after severe turbulence hit the plane.
Glamorgan batsman Jacques Rudolph has extended his contract with the county until 2016.
The chief executive of Northampton Borough Council has resigned after 10 years in the role.
An NHS trust which was rated "inadequate" has secured almost £30m in extra funding to improve services and recruit more staff.
The Dow Jones has closed at a record high for the 10th day in a row, boosted by hopes of a US infrastructure spending boost.
People have been warned they will be unable to vote in the general election unless they register by 20 April.
The NFL will play two games at Twickenham and two at Wembley in 2017.
Scarlets secured a dramatic Pro12 victory over Ulster at Parc y Scarlets.
A prisoner who was moved to a different jail in a van has been awarded £800 compensation after his possessions went missing.
Amir Khan says he will fight in a new MMA league which is set to begin in 2016.
The Theatre Royal in Nottingham is celebrating its 150th birthday with a special pantomime.
The highest mountain in the UK has been recreated in a virtual reality game.
Former Scotland badminton international Kirsty Gilmour has announced her retirement at the age of 26.
Pakistan beat Ireland by 255 runs in their one-day international in Dubai.
The number of police officers in Wales has fallen by 10% since the Conservatives came to power, Plaid Cymru has claimed.
The Scottish government is working to restore a £1bn investment deal with China, MSPs have been told.
Middlesex were bowled out for 327 before Lancashire's reply was interrupted by rain.
Volkswagen Diesel owners are angry that the carmaker has not yet said how it will compensate them, a survey suggests.
A new £10m railway station in east London has opened to the public.
Adam Peaty set a new British record to win the 50m freestyle gold at the British Championships.
A suspected chemical attack at a college has left 12 people in hospital.
Boys aged five to 14 spend 14 hours less a week on household chores than girls of the same age, a UN report says.
BBC presenters charged with 13 historical sex offences have been suspended.
A 45-year-old man has been arrested in the Republic of Ireland in connection with the murder of David Black.
Kirklees Council has agreed to spend £4m on flood recovery and prevention in the Calder Valley.
Cardigan Castle has reopened to the public following a £10m restoration.
Pakistan beat Scotland by 96 runs in their one-day international match in Edinburgh.
The number of children going missing in Wales has risen by 55% in the past year, according to new figures.
A memorial service has been held to mark the 40th anniversary of the crash of a RAF jet in Cambridgeshire.
Worcestershire batsman Alex Gidman has been forced to retire at the age of 34 because of a finger injury.
Almost all clinical trials of drugs aimed at treating Alzheimer's disease have failed in the past 10 years, say scientists.
A man who carried out an armed robbery at a shop in East Lothian, stealing £100, has been jailed.
About 150 people were evacuated from their homes after a gas leak in south-east London.
Southern Railway workers could go on strike on 1 September, the Rail, Maritime and Transport union has warned.
Phyllida Barlow has been named as the British artist for the 2017 Venice Biennale.
Two World War Two soldiers killed in the Netherlands have been reburied in a ceremony in Salisbury, 72 years after they were killed.
Ten historic buildings in England have been added to a register of sites at risk.
Zoe Smith produced a stunning final lift to win gold in the women's -63kg at the Commonwealth Games.
More than 100 schools in Cape Town have been closed after a recent spate of gang violence.
A 30-year-old Zambian woman facing deportation has been given a reprieve, her MP has said.
A council has ended its partnership with a property firm over a £50m retail development in Northampton town centre.
There are 40 vacant posts for radiologists in Northern Ireland's health service.
Leinster hope to have Johnny Sexton and Rob Kearney available for their Pro12 game against Edinburgh on Saturday.
A council has said it plans to raise £100m by selling off assets over the next four years.
An Aberdeenshire shipping company has secured £18m of new investment to keep it operating.
A school has reversed a decision to allow pupils to leave early to watch the Euro 2016 football match.
An 84-year-old woman died after being hit by a supermarket sliding door, an inquest has heard.
Sheffield Eagles have tied down full-back Ben Hanbury with a new three-year contract.
Motorists have been warned to expect delays as major roadworks begin on the M8.
A government scheme to encourage parents to attend parenting classes cost £1,000 per parent, figures have revealed.
Police have released a description of a man who robbed a 101-year-old woman in Hackney.
McDonald's has extended its sponsorship deal with the International Olympic Committee (IOC) until 2020.
A tattoo artist who secretly filmed his clients has been jailed for 18 months.
At least 20 people have been injured after turbulence struck a China Eastern Airlines flight from Paris to China, state media say.
More than 100 jobs have been lost at a steel factory in Newport.
Hong Kong beat Scotland by five runs in a rain-affected T20 match in Hong Kong.
A 12-year-old boy has been jailed for raping two teenage girls.
Snap has priced its initial public offering (IPO) at $17 a share, above the expected range of $14 to $16.
Up to 100 patients may have missed hospital appointments because of an error with a new referral system.
A book returned to a library in County Meath after 82 years has been put on display.
Russia has warned that sending 250 US soldiers to train Ukrainian troops in western Ukraine will destabilise the situation.
Protesters have gathered to save a tree in Sheffield as part of a 25-year tree-felling programme set to run for another 10 years
A woman was trapped under a bus after it crashed into a building in west London, injuring 11 people.
Storm Abigail is bringing gusts of up to 75mph to parts of the UK.
India and Bangladesh have agreed to swap 150 enclaves as part of a land boundary agreement.
Ulster have cancelled the signing of South Africa flanker Arno Botha for the Pro12.
The family trust of Indian mining billionaire Anil Agarwal is buying a stake worth more than £1bn in Anglo American.
Two mass graves containing 19 bodies have been found in Tripoli, Libya.
The sale of one of Britain's largest stately homes, Wentworth Woodhouse, has been put on the market for £10m.
Ofcom has said it believes the proposed merger of O2 and Three should be blocked.
A one-off special of Goodness Gracious Me is to be broadcast as part of BBC Two's 20th anniversary celebrations.
The Bun Throwing Festival has been held in Oxfordshire to celebrate the Queen's 90th birthday.
The health service needs another £2bn to balance its books next year, a leading think-tank has warned.
Africa has not recorded any wild polio virus cases for two years - a milestone that has taken 26 years to reach.
Formula 1 has reached agreement with the governing body, the FIA, on a new commercial deal for the sport.
Kenya's Mary Keitany won the New York City Marathon for the third time to equal the record of three wins.
John Menzies is set to buy US-based aviation services company Asig for £161m.
Customs officials have seized £1m worth of gold from a smuggling gang and are auctioning it off.
The value of country sports tourism in Scotland is expected to increase by a third by 2020, the rural economy secretary has said.
The personal data of more than one million O2 customers is being sold online, the BBC has learned.
A mother-of-13 is set to become a grandmother for the first time.
The ousting of President Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali in 2011 marked a turning point in Tunisia's media freedom.
Police Scotland has confirmed that 60 police station front counters in Scotland will close.
Former Olympic gymnast Louis Smith has won the latest series of Strictly Come Dancing: The Christmas Special.
A steel tube manufacturer in the West Midlands has been sold, saving 333 jobs.
A conman who conned Mercedes-Benz out of £1m by pretending to be a senior executive has been jailed for four years.
Team bosses have given a positive reaction to the new ownership of Formula 1 by US media company Liberty.
The BBC's 100 Women season is under way, featuring inspirational stories about women around the world.
A man has been charged with the murder of a 22-year-old teacher who was found dead at a hotel.
Former England goalkeeper Peter Shilton says he does not want Wayne Rooney to play beyond Euro 2016.
A message in a bottle sent from Sweden has been found in Panama 22 years later.
A man has died after being struck by a car on the A78 near Kilmarnock.
Aneurin Donald says he is not worried about safety concerns ahead of the Under-19 World Cup in Bangladesh.
Chinese technology firm Lenovo has reported a 23% rise in net profit for the second quarter.
Southampton's impressive Premier League form continued as they beat Manchester United to win their 10th game of the season.
Couples have told of their heartbreak after losing thousands of pounds when a wedding venue suddenly closed with no warning.
President Trump has thanked Russian President Vladimir Putin for ordering 755 Russian diplomats to leave the US.
A man attempted to rape a teenager in Rochdale within a seven-day period, police have said.
Derby County have appointed former England U17 manager John Peacock as their new first-team coach.
There has been a significant fall in the number of people using buses and ferries in Scotland over the last decade, according to a new report.
A memorial to 108 men killed in a World War One explosion in 1916 has been listed by Historic England.
The creator of imageboard website 4chan is leaving to join Google, the company has announced.
London schools will need to save £720m over the next two years because of government funding cuts, a think tank has warned.
Nico Rosberg has been penalised for receiving illegal help from his team in the Monaco Grand Prix.
Microsoft has announced the launch of Windows 10, the next version of its dominant operating system.
Austria plans to introduce a complete ban on smoking in restaurants, cafes and bars from 2018.
University applications have fallen for the first time since 2012, when fees were last increased.
A "unique" find of Roman artefacts from the 2nd Century has been discovered in Hertfordshire.
A major search operation is under way for a 25-year-old doctor who went missing from her home in Devon.
The UK housebuilding sector experienced its weakest growth in the final three months of 2014, official figures have suggested.
Nigel Farage missed the first BBC Question Time programme of the year after getting stuck in traffic.
Nicole Kidman says she is still passionate about her career at the age of 50.
At least 100 people have been injured in a New York subway derailment, officials say.
The voting age for elections in the UK should be lowered to 16, a think tank has said.
The British woman who survived the murder of her fiance in Australia in 2001 has returned to the scene of the crime.
The Liberal Democrats have suffered their heaviest losses in Liverpool for 50 years.
Australian shares closed higher by 2% on Monday, with mining stocks leading the way.
Two boys whose parents were on board the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 have been awarded compensation.
A veteran of the Arctic convoys has been presented with a medal 70 years overdue.
A business services firm has leaked online personal details of more than 100,000 people, including US government employees.
Birmingham City's former manager Harry Goodwin has died at the age of 81.
US musician Arthur Smith, who had a hit with Guitar Boogie in 1948, has died aged 93.
The job of the chief constable of Northamptonshire Police will be advertised on 1 June, it has been announced.
A 3ft snake has been found in a kitchen drawer after escaping from a flat in Edinburgh.
Two soldiers from the 1st Battalion Irish Guards have been killed in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has said.
A cat that travelled more than 100 miles in the back of a van has been found by a kind-hearted motorist.
(Close): Shares of Walt Disney fell 9% after the company said subscribers for its sports channel ESPN had dropped.
Tomas Borge, a leading figure in Nicaragua's Sandinista revolution, has died at the age of 84.
A road, two bridges and other structures have been uncovered in a loch created 70 years ago.
More than 20 schoolchildren were rescued from a bus that became stuck in flood water on a road in North Yorkshire.
Formula 1 world champion Lewis Hamilton has been cleared of riding a motorcycle while filming on his phone in 2010.
Great Britain hockey player Crista Cullen has been ruled out of the 2018 World Cup in London.
The mother of a woman who disappeared 21 years ago has appealed for privacy as police continue to question three men.
A woman who continued to claim her mother's pensions for 22 years after her death has admitted fraud.
Improvements to tackle a notorious stretch of the A9 in Caithness are to be planned.
Brazil's Senate has approved a spending cap for the next 20 years.
West Brom have rejected a bid of £15m from Tottenham for striker Saido Berahino.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a missing Met Police officer who has been married for 20 years.
Britain's top triathletes Jess Stimpson and Helen Jenkins have secured their places for the Rio Olympics with victories in the Abu Dhabi World
The UK's intelligence agency GCHQ is running 10 summer schools to help students develop their cybersecurity skills.
Ivory Coast have increased their budget for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations by more than 10%.
A fire service in the north east has said it needs to save £2m over the next three years.
Poems by JRR Tolkien have been discovered in a school magazine from 2016.
The number of breweries in Wales has doubled since 2010, according to the industry.
Diabetes medication may not be worth the potential benefits for people over the age of 75, a study suggests.
Tyson Fury has been named Ring magazine's fighter of the year for 2015.
Oil services company Wood Group has seen profits fall by 68% in the first half of the year.
Flintshire council is holding a series of public meetings to discuss how to save £21m over the next year.
Steven Adams is 7ft tall, but he is becoming a giant of the NBA.
HP has cancelled orders for laptops after offering discounts of up to 99%.
A man has been arrested after a knife attack in a supermarket in the German city of Hamburg that left 55 people injured.
The Vote Leave campaign has been accused of making an "inaccurate" claim that the UK sends £350m a week to the EU.
A crane collapse at the Grand Mosque in Mecca has killed 107 people, Saudi officials say.
The Aberdeen bypass project will cost £653m, the Scottish government has confirmed.
A £1m fund to help police officers suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) has been launched.
An inmate who has been on the run for 32 years has been captured in the US state of Arkansas.
Over 100 foreigners have been arrested in Malaysia on suspicion of having links to terror groups, police say.
The States of Guernsey will write off almost £25m of debt for the airline Aurigny.
Former world heavyweight champion Frank Bruno has been advised not to return to the ring at the age of 52.
Leicester City are crowned Premier League champions at 5000-1, the longest odds against which a top-flight team has won the title.
Australia have named an unchanged team to face England in their Rugby World Cup match on Saturday, 18 September.
Personal details of 100 vulnerable adults were posted online because of an error by Gloucestershire County Council.
A famous tigress of India's Ranthambore National Park has died at the age of 20.
Hibernian have signed former Celtic winger Kris Commons on loan until 31 December.
More than 700 potential victims of child sexual abuse in football clubs across England, Wales and Northern Ireland have come forward, police have said.
People who drop litter from their cars in London could face a £100 fine under new proposals.
A 94-year-old former Auschwitz guard has died before his trial could begin.
The number of councils in Wales that have stopped providing a free pest control service to households has risen to nine.
Tottenham maintained their unbeaten record in the Europa League last-16 with a draw away to Fiorentina.
The Duke of Cornwall has backed a fundraising appeal to secure the future of the Harrogate International Festivals, which is celebrating its 50th year.
Two Blackpool piers have been sold for £1.
A service has been held in Birmingham to mark the 40th anniversary of the IRA pub bombings.
A woman who died in a crash on the A900 near Huntly has been named as Maria de Lourdes.
At least 13 people have died and hundreds of buildings have been damaged by wildfires in Tennessee.
More than 20 beacons were lit in Wales as the nation joined the rest of the UK in celebrating the Queen's birthday.
Durham beat Leicestershire by 11 runs in the One-Day Cup at Chester-le-Street.
Turkish prosecutors have issued an arrest warrant for 23 journalists, including some of the country's best-known reporters.
Tokyo's iconic Okura Hotel will close on 31 March for demolition.
The Duchess of Cambridge has returned to London after a 24-hour visit to Luxembourg.
The RAF has unveiled a special Typhoon fighter jet to mark the 75th anniversary of the Battle of Britain.
A group of 10 major oil and gas companies have pledged to help tackle climate change.
Two men who stole £1,000 worth of sex toys from a Belfast sex shop have been given suspended jail terms.
Events have been held in Wales to mark the 70th anniversary of VJ Day.
Durham beat Lancashire by an innings and 101 runs in their Division One match at Chester-le-Street.
Work on a Â£10m railway station in Derbyshire is set to start after a delay of more than a year.
A former pastor has been convicted of genocide in Rwanda in 1994 and sentenced to life in prison.
Revenue Scotland has collected more than £570m in its first year of operation.
A Labour MP has claimed that air pollution in London is worse than in Beijing - a statement that is true in some respects but not others.
Infrastructure projects worth £25m have been allocated ahead of Hull's year as UK City of Culture.
A county council has said it wants to hand over a stately home built in the 18th Century to the National Trust.
A historic bridge which is 300 years old is to be celebrated with a series of events.
A Russian Mi-28 attack helicopter has crashed during a military air show in Russia, killing one pilot.
The BBC has secured additional channels to broadcast live streams of the London 2012 Olympics.
A new "smart motorway" has been introduced on the M6 in the West Midlands.
Police have arrested 19 men following the Old Firm derby match at Celtic Park.
A coach driver has been praised for evacuating 60 schoolchildren after their bus burst into flames on a motorway.
Tube drivers and station staff will stage three 24-hour strikes in January, February and March, unions have announced.
Ian Bell has signed a new contract to remain at Edgbaston until the end of 2019.
US Senator Lindsey Graham has confirmed he is running for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination.
The infrastructure section of a Monmouthshire-based engineering firm is to close with 330 jobs at risk.
Wales manager Chris Coleman admits he cannot prepare his players for the pressure of a Euro 2016 penalty shootout.
The Venezuelan opposition leader Henrique Capriles has been banned from holding public office for 15 years.
Shares in Samsung Electronics in Seoul rose 3% after the firm reported a rise in quarterly profit.
Warwickshire have signed New Zealand World Cup final hero Grant Elliott as their overseas player for the T20 Blast.
The Number 10 Downing Street cat is "very popular" with David Cameron, a spokesman for the prime minister has said.
Joe Ledley has been included in Wales' Euro 2016 squad despite missing Crystal Palace's FA Cup final win.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino has extended his contract at the club until 2019.
The Bank of England is planning to introduce a new plastic £5 note.
Parents in Kent are campaigning against a 25% increase in the cost of a school bus pass for teenagers.
Inver House Distillers has secured a £50m loan facility from the Bank of Scotland.
Swansea are in talks to sign Chievo striker Sergio Paloschi for a fee of £16m.
Gregor Townsend will take over as Scotland coach after Vern Cotter's contract expires at the end of the 2017 season.
Gary Johnson set the fastest lap during the opening practice session for the 2016 TT Races.
Cel Spellman is to host a new weekly chart show on BBC Radio 1.
More than 10 pupils fell ill after eating sweets at school, prompting an emergency response.
A 14-year-old boy died after paramedics were allegedly told not to take him to the nearest hospital.
The Labour candidate in a key marginal seat has said he could oppose the HS2 rail project.
The number of people killed or injured in fires in Scotland has fallen to its lowest level for more than 20 years.
The long-serving GAA Ulster Council secretary Danny Murphy has died aged 69.
Former Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Robertson has been appointed to lead the club back to the Premiership.
A 20ft mountain of waste has been dumped on land near Telford, a heritage railway group has said.
West Ham have sold France forward Dimitri Payet to Marseille for a reported £25m.
Former TV-am presenter Mike Morris has died at the age of 65.
The roof of the Principality Stadium in Cardiff will be closed for the 2017 Champions League final.
Water companies have gained £2bn over the past five years because of favourable conditions, the National Audit Office has said.
Former Rangers midfielder Gary Locke has been appointed manager of St Mirren until the summer of 2017.
Football pitches in Liverpool are to be improved as part of a £17m investment.
Professional boxers could compete at the 2016 Olympics under new rules proposed by the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
It's the start of the apple harvest in County Armagh, a county with a 3,000-year history of growing the fruit.
Peaches Geldof and Robin Williams were among the top 10 most searched-for names in the UK in 2014.
Two golfers have scored holes-in-one on the same hole at the same time during a round at a Norfolk course.
A duke has been banned from driving for a year after being caught driving at 100mph.
A 16-year-old boy has died after being stabbed at a school in Aberdeen.
Former New Zealand international Sione Lauaki has died at the age of 34.
Police have arrested six people in connection with a suspected terrorist plot.
Wolverhampton Wanderers have sacked manager Warren Joyce after less than 90 days in charge.
A 14-year-old girl who was allegedly raped in Chicago was the victim of a live-streamed attack on Facebook, police say.
Police in four countries have arrested 20 people they say are members of the Anonymous hacking group.
A study has identified 37 viruses that could trigger a global pandemic.
A couple who won £148m in the Euromillions lottery are to be revealed at a press conference later.
A union has warned of 30 jobs at risk at a quarry in Argyll.
Facebook, Google and Twitter have agreed to remove offensive posts in Germany within 24 hours, German authorities say.
Essex all-rounder Ryan ten Doeschate will miss the T20 Blast Group One opener against Kent on Friday because of a shoulder injury.
Norton Motorcycles have announced their entry for the 2017 Isle of Man TT races.
A stalled waterfront development in Ipswich could take up to 10 years to complete, administrators have said.
(Close): The FTSE 100 was boosted by strong sales from Unilever.
The UK voted to leave the European Union on 23 June.
A former chairman of three NHS trusts has been jailed for defrauding the health service of more than £1m.
Paul di Resta will be a reserve driver for Williams in Formula 1 this season.
The family of a man murdered in west Belfast 20 years ago have met police in a bid to re-open the case.
A 12-year-old dog has been left paralysed after burglars broke into a house and attacked her.
The companies chosen to build and run the £91m Bristol Arena have been announced.
Spain's unemployment rate fell to its lowest level in more than four years in the fourth quarter of 2015.
Principality Building Society has reported a drop in profits for 2015.
A 21-year-old man has been shot during an incident at a wedding in Londonderry.
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff has sold his remaining shares in the Williams Formula 1 team.
Chris Rogers has brought the curtain down on an 18-year first-class career with a century against Nottinghamshire.
More than 14 million children in the Middle East and North Africa are out of school because of the conflict in the region, says Unicef.
Diane Abbott says she suffered from type 2 diabetes during the general election campaign.
Boris Johnson has apologised for knocking over a boy during the opening ceremony of the 2015 Rugby World Cup in Tokyo.
A 3D-printed human body has been developed in 18 months to help train medics.
Two Belgian police officers escorting 13 migrants towards the border were arrested by French police for smuggling.
A Northern Ireland couple who died while on holiday in South Africa have left a 10-month-old son orphaned.
Anti-depressants may be linked to type 2 diabetes, a study suggests.
The first of 1,140 new trains are being introduced on the Thameslink network.
Sean Lamont says he is "gutted" to be missing out on the tour of Japan as he closes in on Chris Paterson's record of 1
More than 300,000 Irish people live in the UK, according to the Office for National Statistics.
The cost of holiday childcare in Wales has risen by 70% in the past year, according to a new report.
A lawyer who committed ticket fraud on more than 600 days has been given a suspended jail sentence.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended higher on Tuesday, helped by a rise in mining shares.
Glamorgan pace bowler Shaun Tait says they will not fear Yorkshire in their bid to reach a first T20 Blast finals day.
Gloucester Cathedral has announced plans for a £10m redevelopment of the historic building.
Striker Nile Ranger has been released from prison after serving just 28 days of a 28-day sentence for fraud.
Devon County Council has approved a rise in council tax for 2017.
(Close): The S&P 500 index ended at a record high for the third consecutive session, but other indices were mixed.
The Northern Ireland Executive has announced a £7m investment package for City of Derry Airport.
More than 40,000 families were evicted from their homes in England and Wales over the past year, figures have shown.
People caught dropping litter in England could face fines of up to £100 under new government proposals.
The UK's Tree of the Year has been named as a tree set to be destroyed by the HS2 high-speed rail project.
A man who has worked in various roles on a remote Orkney island for 50 years has been honoured with a national award.
Police in Honduras have found 13 young men dead after they were kidnapped in the north of the country.
A man who admitted distributing and possessing indecent images of children has been jailed for 12 years.
Jordan Spieth shot a 65 to take the lead at the Tournament of Champions in Hawaii.
The Raspberry Pi company has announced that it has sold more than four million of its computers to date.
Tickets for a four-day festival to celebrate the Queen's 90th birthday have sold out.
Scotland's David Drysdale finished second as Alex Romero shot 17 to win the European Masters in Germany.
A road that is "notoriously dangerous" is being criticised for not being improved quickly enough.
The UK economy grew at its weakest rate for three months in January, according to a survey by the CBI business group.
The 10th Inverness Film Festival will feature a number of foreign language films when it opens next month.
Netball and football coach Vicki Randall has been named the BBC Wales Unsung Hero 2016.
Aidy Boothroyd has been appointed manager of the England Under-21 team.
The search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 will focus on a new area, Australian officials say.
Wales was missing from the Euro 2016 app when it launched on Friday.
Reading striker Hal Robson-Kanu says he is on the mend and will be fit for Euro 2016.
The death of a 23-year-old woman murdered in Thailand was caused by severe head injuries, a coroner has ruled.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt is confident Johnny Sexton will be fit for the Six Nations opener against Scotland on 5 February.
A driving test examiner who leaked test details to friends and family has been sentenced to 240 hours of community service.
The Homeless World Cup has been hailed a success after being held in Glasgow for the first time in 2016.
Linfield came from behind to secure their third win of the season as Coleraine were reduced to 10 men at Windsor Park.
A Labour MP has opposed a proposal to lower the voting age to 16, saying it would make young people more vulnerable to sexual abuse.
An Australian pub made famous by the 1986 film Crocodile Dundee has been put up for sale.
David Dimbleby will return to front the BBC's election night programme on 8 June.
A South African woman with progeria, a rare genetic condition, has died at the age of 18.
Manchester United striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been giving advice to the 18s.
Former Scotland manager Craig Brown believes Wales will do well at Euro 2016.
The man who gave Kenny Chesney his name is celebrating 50 years in radio.
The German Grand Prix could be lost from the Formula 1 calendar, and that would be a great shame.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a double-decker coach crashed into a car on the M1 in Bedfordshire.
A derelict Brooks factory site in Bristol could be redeveloped to create up to 350 jobs.
The average annual mileage of cars and vans in Britain has fallen below 8,000 miles for the first time in 12 years, according to the Department
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson has extended his contract to remain at the Championship club until 2020.
A 70-year-old man has died in a flat fire which also injured eight people.
McLaren have signed Lando Norris as a test driver after the British teenager impressed at the post-Hungarian Grand Prix F1 test.
Clubs have started receiving payments for releasing players for Euro 2016.
A fresh appeal has been launched in the murder of a woman 20 years ago.
A 16-year-old high school football player has died after collapsing during a game.
A former Scottish athlete has claimed that drugs were being used by footballers and rugby players in the 1980s.
More than 100 personnel are to be transferred out of RAF Wittering in Cambridgeshire, the Ministry of Defence has announced.
A 19th Century wedding dress which went missing after being sent to a dry cleaners has been returned to its owner.
A former soldier has been told to leave the UK by 2015 and is now unable to work.
Wasps rugby club has raised £25m through the sale of bonds to help pay off debts.
Sir Nick Faldo has expressed an interest in competing in the 2014 Irish Open.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says he is looking forward to the challenge of the 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign.
Karim Benzema's partial ban from the France squad for Euro 2016 has been lifted.
The Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI) is launching a campaign to reduce the number of people dying around Scotland's coastline from 2014
A pedestrian was killed by a car on the A27 in West Sussex, police have said.
Channel 4 has stopped making its full-length shows available for free on YouTube.
The Royal Navy's 13th ship to be sent to help rescue migrants in the Mediterranean has set sail.
The 2014 Commonwealth Games are opening in Glasgow.
One of Britain's best-known crime writers, Ruth Rendell, has died at the age of 85.
Wales' four police forces spent £16m in overtime in the last financial year, figures have revealed.
England manager Roy Hodgson says he picked Marcus Rashford for Euro 2016 because he wanted an extra attacking option in his 23-man
Ian Baraclough has been appointed as the new manager of Northern Ireland's Under-21 team.
UTV Media is considering selling its TV business to ITVplc.
Police have reopened the investigation into the murder of a woman who was beaten to death 29 years ago.
A couple who met at a bowling alley and married in the same year have died within a day of each other after 64 years.
Jade Jones says she is in a "great place" to win gold at the 2016 Rio Olympics.
The number of GPs in Northern Ireland has fallen by 15 over the past 11 years, according to a medical body.
Marks and Spencer's chief executive, Steve Rowe, received a total pay package of £1m last year.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, with mining shares helping to lift the index.
Adam Peaty won his second gold medal of the European Aquatics Championships in the men's 100m breaststroke final.
Tributes have been paid to former Dundee United defender Frank Kopel who has died aged 67.
Phil Taylor won the PDC World Matchplay for the 16th time with a comfortable victory over Adrian Lewis in Blackpool.
Microsoft has changed the way it is trying to get users to upgrade to Windows 10.
Wales centre Jamie Roberts has signed for Harlequins on a two-and-a-half-year deal.
The founder of the file-sharing service Megaupload, which was shut down in 2012, has said he will relaunch it.
A 16-year-old girl who was found stabbed to death has been named by her family.
Hibernian will begin their Championship campaign against Falkirk on Saturday, 6 August.
Fans of the first Action Man have gathered for the first time in more than 50 years.
Banksy's latest work has been vandalised for the second time in 2014.
The Nigerian military has killed 268 Boko Haram fighters in the north-east of the country, it says.
Only 400 people have applied for loans to fund their apprenticeships in the first three months of a scheme introduced in September.
Coventry City boosted their play-off hopes with a win at 10-man Bradford.
Turkey will hold new parliamentary elections on 1 November, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has announced.
A polymer £5 note has been nominated for the Bank Note of the Year award.
Worcestershire are set to lose their Championship squad leader John Hastings to Australia.
West Ham are close to signing Portugal midfielder Joao Mario from Inter Milan for £40m.
Fly-tipping incidents in England have risen by 23% in a year, according to official figures.
Bank of Scotland has announced plans to close 23 branches across Scotland.
Grand Theft Auto 5 has been named the best game of 2013 at the Golden Joystick Awards.
A Romanian stowaway has survived a 1.5-day flight from Vienna to London.
BP has lost an appeal against a US judge's decision to allow payments from a fund set up to compensate victims of the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil sp
A memorial to the 60 people who died in Tunisian terror attacks will be built in Birmingham.
The Mystery Plays are to return to York Minster for the first time in 16 years.
A Japanese space telescope that cost 200m has made its last observations before breaking up in orbit.
Apple is facing a court case in Australia over claims it misled consumers about the capabilities of the iPad 4.
(Close): The S&P 500 closed above 2,360 for the first time, helped by a slight upward revision to US growth figures.
More than 700 shotguns have been found on a truck in the port of Trieste, Italy, police say.
Thousands of people have gathered in Germany to mark the 70th anniversary of the liberation of the Buchenwald concentration camp.
The number of environmental activists killed around the world in 2014 was the highest on record, according to a new report.
Islamic State (IS) militants have killed at least 42 people in attacks on two villages in Syria's Hama province, activists say.
A 13-year-old boy has died after being injured during a rugby league game in West Yorkshire.
Cranes have bred in the West of England for the first time in at least 350 years.
Brazilian side Chapecoense have resumed competitive play less than three months after a plane carrying the team crashed.
The surviving family of those killed in the Malaysia Airlines flight crash have welcomed a new baby, 20 months after the plane crash.
The Thai military has ordered 253 people to report for questioning, as it seeks to root out supporters of the ousted government.
Spider-Man is set to join the Marvel Cinematic Universe, or MCU, after a deal was struck between Sony and Marvel.
Police have identified 1,400 potential victims of child sexual abuse in Leicestershire, a review has found.
The inquests into the deaths of 21 people killed in the Birmingham pub bombings could be reopened.
A minute's silence has been held to mark the 17th anniversary of the London bombings that killed five people.
About 200 people have been left homeless after a fire at a tower block in west London.
The first T-pylon is being tested in the UK.
A biscuit factory in Merseyside is to close with the loss of 342 jobs.
A £100m tidal power scheme has been given the go-ahead by the owners of the land.
Two car bomb attacks in south-east Turkey have killed at least six people and wounded more than 200.
The UK's largest building society, Nationwide, has said it lent more than £14bn on mortgages in the first half of the year.
The former US music mogul Lou Pearlman has died aged 62, according to reports.
The Iraqi men detained by British soldiers in Iraq in 2004 have launched a criminal claim against the UK government.
About 800 jobs will be cut as part of restructuring following the merger of Standard Life and Aberdeen Asset Management.
Welsh region Ospreys have made a profit for the first time in 2015.
Police have arrested 20 people during a protest at the Westfield shopping centre in London.
The most serious emergency calls in Wales were responded to within eight minutes in 75% of cases, according to new figures.
Exeter Chiefs lock Geoff Parling is to join Super Rugby team Melbourne Rebels next season.
The third family member to die following a crash on the M9 in West Lothian has been named.
Bus drivers in West Yorkshire and North Yorkshire are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay.
Voters in the South East's bellwether seats could hold the key to the general election on 7 May.
A power station which has been in operation for 47 years has closed its doors for the final time.
At least 40 people have been infected with the Zika virus in Singapore, including the first locally transmitted case.
The funeral of one of the 13 people who died in a helicopter crash off Norway is to be held in Aberdeenshire.
The Mexican government has agreed to follow a list of recommendations to find 43 students who disappeared in Guerrero state last year.
A life sciences company has closed its manufacturing facility in Renfrewshire with the loss of 30 jobs.
Bath backs Jonathan Evans and Anthony Watson have signed contract extensions to keep both players at the club until 2019.
A suicide attack near a base used by US forces in Afghanistan has killed at least 15 people, officials say.
A 22-year-old musician has died after falling into the River Clyde in Inverness.
Northern Ireland fans can apply for tickets for the Euro 2016 qualifying play-off against Greece in October.
Former Real Madrid and Barcelona player Luis Figo has pulled out of the Fifa presidential election on 26 February.
Taylor Swift has said she will not make her latest album 1989 available on Apple Music when it launches next week.
Renewable energy generation in Scotland increased by 45% in the first quarter of 2012 compared to the same period in 2011.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended slightly higher despite initial falls in Europe.
Chinese Super League clubs could be hit by a 100% tax on transfer fees, according to reports.
Police in Serbia have arrested 20 people on suspicion of corruption.
New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum has set the new record for the fastest Test century, reaching 100 off just 54 balls.
Michael Dunlop set the fastest laps of the 2015 TT races during a qualifying session on Wednesday.
The ATP World Tour Finals will be broadcast on BBC television, radio and online in 2016.
Plans for a £100m expansion of Pinewood Studios have been approved by the government.
The drug meldonium, which was added to the World Anti-Doping Agency's banned list in 2016, will remain on the list in
Shares in fashion retailer Ted Baker have jumped 10% after it reported strong half-year results.
A man who murdered a father on a bicycle has been jailed for life with a minimum term of 25 years.
Glastonbury Festival will take a break in 2018 and will not be held at another location, organisers have confirmed.
At least 30 people have been killed in clashes between Myanmar's military and ethnic rebels in the country's northeast.
Wales fly-half Rhys Priestland has signed a two-year contract with Bath, despite being expected to retire.
Former Olympic runner Dr John Hill has celebrated 52 years of running every day.
Europe retained the 2016 Curtis Cup after a thrilling final day at Nairn Golf Club in Scotland.
Scientists have completed a 10-year project to create a detailed 3D reconstruction of a human brain.
Wolverhampton Wanderers striker Nouha Dicko has signed an 18-month contract extension with the Championship club.
A 14-year-old girl who died in the Manchester bomb attack has been named locally as Sorrell Leczkowski.
A campaign to save a 16th Century hall in Manchester which was badly damaged by fire has been launched.
Health ministers from 15 countries in West Africa have agreed a strategy to combat the Ebola outbreak.
The coroner overseeing the inquest into the Glenanne gang murders has said he will allow police more time to pursue a new lead in the case.
The Philippines has held a memorial service for 44 police officers killed in a clash with Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF) rebels.
Boston has become the third city to launch a bid to host the 2024 Summer Olympics.
Apple has reported a 1% drop in iPhone sales for the first three months of the year.
Plans for a 320-mile undersea power cable between Scotland and Norway have been given the go-ahead by energy regulator Ofgem.
A sinkhole which appeared on the A665 Mancunian Way in Manchester is "still quite unstable", the water company has said.
The Bank of Scotland has issued a new £10 polymer note featuring a steam train crossing the Glenfinnan Viaduct.
About 12% of people in the UK have never used the internet, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
More than 40 pupils have been sent home from lessons for not wearing the correct school uniform.
A boy who stabbed a 15-year-old outside his school in London has been found guilty of murder.
Yasuhisa Arai has left his position as boss of Honda's Formula 1 project.
Pay for top bosses has risen 50% more than average workers over the past five years, according to the Trades Union Congress (TUC).
Wales manager Chris Coleman does not want to see a Team GB side competing at the 2020 Olympics.
Chelsea Manning has thanked Barack Obama for commuting her 28-year prison sentence for leaking classified documents.
Actor Stephen Fry has launched a campaign to save Soho from being "destroyed" by Crossrail 2.
Spike Lee and Werner Herzog are among the high-profile names to have films premiere at the 32nd Sundance Film Festival.
The number of homeowner mortgages reached its highest level since the financial crisis in 2015, according to the Council of Mortgage Lenders.
Brazilians are reacting with surprise to the news that WhatsApp will be banned in Brazil for 48 hours.
Cricket Scotland have won the 2015 ICC Development Programme Award.
Lyon have apologised after 10 women were depicted on banners at the club's stadium.
The first Test between Australia and India in Adelaide will now start on 26 November.
Police have received 130 reports of historical child sex abuse in Scottish football.
Former Kilmarnock boss Kenny Shiels has expressed an interest in the Motherwell number one job.
At least 366 migrants have died when their boat sank off the coast of Libya, a photographer on a rescue ship has said.
Keith Earls will be available to play for Ireland against New Zealand in Chicago on 5 November after a two-week suspension.
A fresh search has begun in County Donegal for a girl who went missing 34 years ago.
Sharp has unveiled what it says is the world's first 4K display for smartphones.
Liverpool have signed French defender Mamadou Sakho and Portuguese defender Joao Carlos Teixeira Ilori for a combined £25m.
Two police officers were caught leaving work early or arriving late 126 times, a court has heard.
A couple from Lanarkshire have revealed they are "still in shock" after winning £1m on the lottery.
The Euro 2016 football final was the most-watched TV event in the UK so far this year.
More than 600 people have been killed in the collapse of a garment factory in Bangladesh, police say.
The East Midlands Ambulance Service has overspent by more than £8m this financial year.
Australian police have arrested a 22-year-old man at Sydney Airport as he was about to board a flight to Syria.
A housing development could threaten the existence of about 10 red squirrels living in a nature reserve, campaigners have warned.
A cargo plane has crashed in South Sudan, killing at least 29 people, officials say.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a teenager in Bristol 30 years ago.
McLaren have signed British Formula 3 driver Lando Norris as a 2017 F1 development driver.
Eight elderly people were injured in a fire at a care home.
A group of railway workers were lucky to escape injury when a 70mph train nearly hit them, a report has said.
Nyquist became the first unbeaten horse to win the Kentucky Derby since 1919.
A 12-year-old boy has died at an international jamboree in Finland.
Shares in DFS Furniture have fallen sharply after the company warned of a 21% fall in annual profits.
Former world heavyweight champion Frank Bruno is planning a comeback at the age of 55.
Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho is set to move to West Brom for a fee in the region of £15m.
US comedian and civil rights activist Dick Gregory has died at the age of 84.
Swiss voters have rejected a proposal to limit salaries to 12 times the lowest wage in the country.
A plane aborted its landing at Manchester Airport in high winds, according to an eyewitness video.
A pharmacist who mistakenly gave a patient the wrong medication has been fined £500.
Peter Trego has called for action to be taken against the "idiots" sending abusive messages to players after the T20 Blast.
Former England captain Michael Vaughan says Kevin Pietersen should be recalled to the England squad for the World Twenty20.
A service has been held in Hull to mark the 30th anniversary of the Falklands conflict.
A speeding driver who killed a new mother in a crash has been jailed for nine months.
The Brazilian footballer and coach Edinho has been banned from all football-related activities for 10 years.
Police in the Indian state of Chhattisgarh say they have killed 20 Maoist rebels in a clash.
Leicester Tigers hooker Tom Youngs says he is concerned by proposals to extend the Premiership Rugby season by two months.
Queen's University Belfast (QUB) has been ranked in the top 200 universities in the world.
The family of a man murdered 25 years ago have welcomed a police review of the case.
A bowler in Bangladesh conceded 28 runs in a single over as his side lost a club match by 10 wickets.
Crime on Wales' rail network has fallen by 11% in the past year, according to the British Transport Police.
The Thames Barrier has been closed 70 times this winter, a new record.
ScotRail passengers with annual or monthly season tickets will receive a week's worth of free travel in 2017, the government has announced.
Matt Lucas is to return to Doctor Who for the sci-fi show's 10th series.
France defender Raphael Varane will miss the Euro 2016 tournament after injuring a hamstring in Real Madrid's Champions League semi-final win
Elderly patients who have surgery for hip fractures within 24 hours of admission are less likely to die, research suggests.
Ebbsfleet United extended their unbeaten run in the league to 12 games as they drew at Maidenhead.
A man who raped three partners and threatened them with a knife has been jailed for 10 years.
Police were right to drive at 70mph to kill a dog that was running loose on a dual carriageway, a review has concluded.
Nottingham Forest striker Ben Brereton has signed a new contract with the Championship club until 2021.
One of Australia's greatest athletes, Betty Cuthbert, has died aged 77.
More than 1,000 Bolivian soldiers have ended a protest after talks with the government.
(Close): The FTSE 100 is on track to record five consecutive days of gains, but shares in Capita continued to fall.
More than 100 water voles are being released into the wild in the Yorkshire Dales.
Northampton Saints have announced that 13 young players have signed professional contracts with the Premiership club.
Roger Federer has extended his commitment to play in his home Swiss Indoors tournament until 2019.
Welsh actress Deddie Davies has died at the age of 75, her agents have confirmed.
A water company has said it will look at ways to improve the quality of a water supply in the Highlands after receiving more than 100 complaints.
Disney is set to receive $660m for selling the film studio Miramax.
Jonathan Rea won the opening race of the 2017 World Superbike season to extend his points lead.
The number of visitors to Northern Ireland increased in 2015, according to new figures from the Department for the Economy.
Another 58 investigations into alleged abuse by British troops in Iraq have been halted, the Ministry of Defence has said.
Cervical cancer could be eliminated worldwide within 40 years, the co-creator of the HPV vaccine has predicted.
A £10m government funding boost has been announced to protect the Ironbridge Gorge in Shropshire.
About 38% of babies in Scotland are being breastfed at six to eight weeks old, according to new figures.
Read our team guides to find out who has hit the fastest World Cup fifty, which team has taken all 10 opposition wickets in each of their first seven games, and
Scotland flanker Alasdair Strokosch has announced his retirement from international rugby after being capped 41 times.
Council tax is set to rise by 3% in Stoke-on-Trent.
Adam "MCA" Yauch's former Beastie Boys bandmate John Berry has died at the age of 52.
Four weightlifters have been stripped of their medals from the London 2012 Olympics after retests of samples.
Brazilian prosecutors have charged 19 people with qualified homicide over the Samarco mine disaster which killed 19 people.
British Summer Time (BST) will start earlier this year because of the clock change on Sunday.
Police are searching for a man who disappeared 25 years ago in a bid to find his body.
New data protection rules that will affect all companies that hold European personal data will come into force in 2018.
Flybe has reported losses of £40m for the past year, more than doubling from the previous year.
A well-known Bristol DJ, who is 72, is missing, prompting an appeal from friends and fans.
Transphobic hate crimes in London have risen by 25% in the past year, according to the Metropolitan Police.
British Olympic dressage champions Carl Hester and Charlotte Dujardin say Rio 2016 will be their horse Valegro's final competition.
Only one parking ticket has been issued in Hawick over the past year, it has emerged.
A travel ban on women under the age of 60 in eastern Libya has been temporarily frozen, the BBC has learned.
Germany's Marcel Kittel has withdrawn from the Tour de France after crashing on stage 17.
Phil Simmons has been sacked as West Indies coach for the one-day squad.
Disgraced TV presenter Jimmy Savile has been awarded £5,000 in legal costs after being convicted of child sex offences.
The medals for the Rio 2016 Olympics and Paralympics have been unveiled.
A nearly 300-year-old school is set to close after a long-running battle.
French outsourcing company Teleperformance is to create 300 jobs in Fermanagh.
Mickey Harte's contract as Tyrone manager has been extended until the end of the 2014 season.
Chelsea have signed Leicester City midfielder Danny Drinkwater for £35m.
The number of children in north Wales who have been reported to police for sending sexually explicit images of themselves has risen by 600%.
Girls start to feel anxious about mathematics as early as the age of 13, a study has suggested.
North Lanarkshire Council has agreed to pay £50m to settle equal pay claims for thousands of women workers.
Inter Milan have sacked manager Frank de Boer after just 80 days in charge.
Mickey Rourke has returned to the ring for his first professional fight in 15 years, knocking out his opponent in Moscow.
The Conservatives have won the Gower seat in a recount following the 7 May general election.
A report into the £100m flood damage caused by Storm Desmond in Cumbria has been published.
New speed limit signs are to be installed on the M4 in south east Wales.
An exhibition marking the 30th anniversary of the miners' strike is to open at a former colliery.
UK car production has fallen in October for the first time since 2009, according to the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders.
Shares in Airbus have jumped nearly 5% after the company announced strong third quarter results.
Plymouth Argyle chairman Paul Groves says the club can now press ahead with its £30m stadium project.
Ten suspect ballot papers have been found at polling stations in Glasgow.
The Lord Mayor of London, Jeffrey Mountevans, has begun his year in office with the 800th Lord Mayor's Show.
The NHS is to investigate the circumstances surrounding the termination of a £800m contract in Cambridgeshire.
Carole King will make her UK return at the BBC Radio 2 concert in Hyde Park in July 2015.
BBC Radio 1 is launching a dedicated channel on BBC iPlayer.
The number of people claiming unemployment-related benefits in Northern Ireland has fallen for the first time in 28 months.
Glasgow Warriors back Peter Murchie has signed a contract extension to stay at Scotstoun until 2017.
The new £20m headquarters for S4C in Carmarthenshire will not be fully funded until 2020, the Welsh Affairs committee has heard.
Chinese police have arrested more than 1,000 people suspected of smuggling ancient artefacts.
A hormone that could help treat diabetes has been discovered in the venom of the platypus.
Bristol City have signed winger Callum O'Dowda from Oxford United for an initial £1m.
Former US President Jimmy Carter has been welcomed back to Newcastle 40 years after his first visit to the city.
Sadiq Khan has announced a two-year fares freeze on Transport for London (TfL) services.
England wing Chris Ashton has been suspended for at least 13 weeks for eye gouging.
The A14 in Cambridgeshire is to be upgraded and turned into a toll road.
Woking failed to win for the fifth game in a row as they drew with Gateshead at Kingfield.
Police investigating the disappearance of a teenager 20 years ago have said they are still treating the case as a missing persons inquiry.
Liverpool have rejected a new £114m bid from Barcelona for Philippe Coutinho, the BBC understands.
An Anglican Bishop of Dunkeld and Perth has designed the last £1 coin to be made by the Royal Mint.
Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure has been named BBC African Footballer of the Year 2015 for a second time.
A prison in Portsmouth which has been in operation for 150 years has closed its doors for the last time.
At least 15 people have been killed in a lorry crash in the Central African Republic, local officials say.
A man who led a gang war in Birmingham has been jailed for 12 years.
Formula One chief executive Bernie Ecclestone, 80, has been indicted in Germany on bribery charges.
St Helens will face Catalans Dragons in the Challenge Cup semi-final on Saturday, 20 August.
Sally Conway has won her first Olympic bronze medal at Rio 2016.
A supply teacher suspended without pay for 18 months for refusing to use a gay pride logo has reached a settlement with her employer.
US aerospace giant Boeing has reported a 25% rise in profits, helped by a surge in aircraft deliveries.
South Africa bowled Australia out for 130 in Hobart, with the tourists taking a commanding lead in the second Test.
The writer of the first six Carry On films, Norman Hudis, has died aged 93.
The logo for the 2020 Olympics has been unveiled in Tokyo after a long-running dispute over the original design.
At least 15 people have been killed in an attack on a hotel in Somalia's capital, Mogadishu.
A 21-year-old British man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering two women in Hong Kong.
Rice fields in China have been transformed into 3D art over 100 hectares.
A cessation of hostilities in Syria is set to begin on 27 February, according to a draft agreement seen by the BBC.
A 17-year-old schoolgirl has become one of the youngest members of the Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI).
A team of scientists has grown 100 rare Japanese birch trees from seeds collected in the wild.
The four main parties in Wales have set out their stalls for the 5 May assembly elections.
St Johnstone ended a 10-league game losing streak as they beat Inverness Caledonian Thistle to move back into fifth place.
A US league has criticised the professional rugby league in the UK and Ireland for trying to expand into the American market.
Minster Police constabulary has been given the power to arrest people for the first time in more than 90 years.
A public inquiry has begun into plans to demolish 280 terraced houses in Liverpool.
Tyler Alexander, a key figure in the history of McLaren, has died at the age of 77.
A Thai army general has been jailed for 10 years for human trafficking after his arrest in 2015.
A radio DJ has thanked his best friend after she donated a kidney to save his life.
A memorial event has been held for a 17-year-old pregnant teenager who was murdered.
Wales lock Luke Charteris is set to miss Racing 92's match against Grenoble on 12 March.
A former boxer who murdered a soldier in a town centre attack has been jailed for 25 years.
Gilles Peterson is to host a new show on BBC Radio 3, exploring the links between jazz and other musical genres.
A free exhibition has opened to mark the start of the seven-day Hoppings funfair on Newcastle's Town Moor.
At least 35 people have been killed in a suicide attack in the Afghan capital, Kabul, officials say.
A new tripartite free trade area involving 26 countries in Africa has been signed in Egypt.
A Cornish MP has tabled a motion in the House of Commons to delay the planned increase in VAT on 4 January.
BT has been forced to pay £300m to settle a dispute over the purchase of EE.
A 90-year-old silent film is to be accompanied by a live beatbox score.
Saudi Arabia has ordered 200 more black taxis for use in Riyadh.
The 50th Universal Expo has opened in Milan, Italy, with a ceremony attended by the Pope and other dignitaries.
South Korea's intelligence agency tried to influence the 2012 presidential election, an internal inquiry has found.
The Royal Regiment of Scotland has marked its 10th anniversary with a march through Edinburgh.
Kate Winslet has revealed how she copes with the stress of the Oscars 2016.
RBS is to close 176 branches in Scotland, the bank has announced.
Novelist and poet Sarah Dunmore has died aged 63 after being diagnosed with cancer.
Police investigating the murder of a 61-year-old man in County Antrim have renewed their appeal for information.
Scottish butchers are preparing to export haggis to the US after a 52-year ban on imports was lifted.
Seeing in 3D with just one eye is possible, according to new research.
Sebastian Vettel has signed a new contract to stay with Ferrari until the end of 2020.
Five new railway stations are to be built with £13m of government funding, the Department for Transport has announced.
The leader of Swansea council has said he is confident a £450m regeneration project for the city centre will go ahead.
A 24-hour strike by the Transport Salaried Staffs' Association (TSSA) on the London Underground is to go ahead.
A £5m railway station in Ceredigion has been proposed by the county council.
A Norfolk-based marine services company has been sold to a Dutch firm for £100m.
Southampton have signed Chelsea midfielder Oriol Romeu for £3m on a four-year deal.
The probation service in England and Wales is being run by 21 private companies, according to a report by the National Audit Office.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says Anthony Martial is living up to the £59m transfer fee paid to sign him.
Villagers in East Yorkshire are commemorating the 950th anniversary of the Battle of Stamford Bridge.
The Alder gas field in the North Sea has started producing gas for the first time in 2016.
Scientists in Peru have used 3D technology to reconstruct the face of an ancient Peruvian woman who lived 1,500 years ago.
A Northern Ireland man has come up with puns for all 32 county names in the Republic of Ireland for the Euro 2016 qualifiers.
Welsh cyclist Becky James has announced her retirement at the age of 26.
Daniel Ricciardo has ruled out moving to Ferrari next year, saying he will remain at Red Bull in 2018.
The NHS in England is to impose a 55% cap on agency spending in a bid to cut costs.
Peregrine falcons have been spotted nesting on a 71m tower block.
Vodafone turned down a £4m deal to sponsor the London Stadium, the BBC understands.
Chancellor George Osborne will ask government departments to find £37bn of spending cuts, BBC Newsnight understands.
A bid to restore gardens in Denbighshire which are more than 700 years old has been launched.
Plans for a £100m extension to Meadowhall shopping centre in Sheffield have been submitted.
Conservative MP Sir Paul Maude has announced he will not be standing in the 2020 general election.
At least 15 people have been killed in a fuel tanker explosion in north-west Pakistan, police say.
A woman who had Christmas presents stolen from her home has been given £930 to replace them.
The Scottish Conservatives have pledged to spend £100m on Scotland's colleges if they win the election.
A man who has lived with a heart-lung transplant for 30 years has been recognised by Guinness World Records as the longest surviving recipient.
Pro-IS supporters hacked TV5 Monde last month, French police believe.
Currys PC World has been told off for advertising 4K televisions for the Euro 2016 football championship.
Up to 80 jobs could be lost at a Bernard Matthews factory in Lincolnshire.
DJ Dave O'Grady has paid tribute to his friend Cilla Black on BBC Radio 2.
Women over 30 are at greater risk of heart disease because of lack of exercise, say researchers.
A 20-year-old man has been charged with the murder of a teenager who died after a fight on a caravan park.
A Sheffield councillor has resigned after 14 years as a councillor in the city.
A £30m redevelopment plan for Exeter's bus station and surrounding area has been approved.
Poachers in Kenya have killed 39 elephants in a single family, the Kenya Wildlife Service says.
The Greek parliament has approved a 2016 budget that includes deep spending cuts and tax increases.
Former heptathlon champion Tasha Danvers says she is aiming to compete in the 800m at the London Olympics.
A 15-year-old girl has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in Basildon.
Lincolnshire Police has confirmed it plans to close its headquarters in Lincoln in 2019.
A hospital has apologised after sending out appointment letters to 850 patients with the wrong information leaflets.
The drummer for The Specials, John "Brad" Bradbury, has died at the age of 62.
Japanese football legend Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a new contract to continue playing for Yokohoma FC at the age of 48.
The Northern Ireland health service is to get an additional £200m, the finance minister has announced.
Plans to build 150 homes in a Suffolk town have been thrown out by the government after a legal challenge.
Martyn Irvine has been named BBC Northern Ireland's Sports Personality of the Year 2013.
A suicide bomb attack on a military base in south-east Turkey has injured at least 10 people, officials say.
A public inquiry has begun into a plan to build 450 homes near Maidstone.
A review into the quality of life and care of older people in residential care in Wales is set to last 18 months.
The UK government has not ruled out a reversal of a cut in funding for S4C, the Welsh language TV channel.
A tunnel at Glasgow Queen Street Station is to close for 15 weeks for engineering works.
Australia has sent back 46 Vietnamese asylum seekers who tried to reach the country by boat, the government has said.
Marc Marquez secured his third MotoGP victory of the season at the San Marino Grand Prix in Misano.
Red Bull have ruled out switching to Mercedes engines in the future, saying the idea is "finished".
The Vunipola brothers have been playing rugby for 15 years, according to a former club official.
The world's oldest person, Emma Morano, has died in Italy at the age of 116.
Scarlets captain Ken Owens says Racing 92 are the best team in the Top 14 after the French side thrashed the Welsh region.
Councils are to be offered £100m to help them return to weekly bin collections.
Sir Christopher Lee has released his final album, a collection of heavy metal covers, just weeks before his death at the age of 93.
Children with type 1 diabetes are being admitted to hospital in Wales at an increasing rate, a study has found.
A schoolgirl who nearly drowned during a swimming lesson nearly 10 years ago has won her High Court battle for compensation.
Radamel Falcao has been included in Chelsea's 25-man Premier League squad for the second half of the season.
The Grand National will be run with 40 runners after The Romford Pele secured a place in the famous Aintree race.
Actor Geoffrey Hughes, best known for his role in Coronation Street, has died at the age of 70.
The number of women diagnosed with lung cancer in Scotland has more than doubled in 48 years, according to new figures.
Petrol and diesel prices have risen to their highest levels since early 2016, according to the RAC.
Lancashire beat Hampshire by an innings and 258 runs to move up to second in the County Championship.
A 20ft (6m) mannequin lying in a river has been mistaken for a drowning victim.
Bromley were denied a first home win of the season as 10-man Solihull Moors held on for a point.
A mass grave containing the remains of up to nine bodies has been found under Brighton's Corn Exchange.
Paramedics had to use a defibrillator 17 times to save a man's life.
A lorry and a car have crashed on the M4, with one person taken to hospital.
An 11-year-old girl who had her bedroom ransacked by burglars has written a letter to the thieves.
A vitamin B3 could help the body fight off staph infections, a study suggests.
Suffolk's fire service needs to save £1m over the next three years, it has been announced.
One in 100 newborn babies in one region of England are born addicted to drugs, according to new figures.
Ulster have appointed Jono Gibbes as their new head coach for the Pro12 league.
Great Britain's Ros Canter won individual gold in the equestrian eventing at Rio 2016.
David Warner's 103 helped Australia draw the Test against the West Indies in Sydney.
A charity has created a kit to help communities avoid being featured on Channel 4's Benefits Street.
The Liberal Democrats and Labour peers are at loggerheads ahead of the 2017 general election.
New Zealander Joseph Parker will fight Cuba's Luis Ortiz on 10 December for the WBO heavyweight title.
More than 30 Jewish community centres in the US and Canada have received bomb threats on Monday, officials say.
A report by a regional human rights body says it has found no evidence to support claims that the bodies of 43 trainee teachers who disappeared in Guerrero state were inc
A 150-house development in the Cairngorms National Park has been refused planning permission.
Three people have been arrested after a mass brawl in Colchester involving up to 100 people.
Mexican Sergio Perez has signed to continue racing for Force India in 2017.
A 14-year-old girl has died after being pulled from the sea in North Tyneside.
The number of incidents of dogs worrying livestock in Scotland has risen by 55%, according to Police Scotland.
Liberal Democrat peer Lord Avebury has died aged 86, his family has announced.
Ivan Reitman has revealed plans for a fourth Ghostbusters film - and up to 10 more.
A 26-year-old man has admitted killing his girlfriend in a hotel room.
(Close): The Dow Jones closed at a record high for the 12th consecutive session, as investors cheered President Donald Trump's latest executive actions.
A £5 coin has been minted to mark Prince George's first birthday.
The chief constable of Northumbria Police, Sue Sim, is to retire after 12 years in the role.
People in Cardiff have gathered to remember the 17 people who died in the Paris attacks.
The Bank of England is introducing new polymer notes, but Northern Ireland has been there, done that, and got the plastic 5.
A suspected tobacco factory in Birmingham has been raided and 10 people arrested.
ITV has commissioned a 10-episode next series of Downton Abbey.
A photography competition which saw people take pictures within a 24-hour period has opened in Bristol.
Glasgow's Burrell Collection is to get a £66m revamp, the council has announced.
Salmon have returned to a stream in the Yorkshire Dales after more than 100 years since it was straightened.
Christopher Hogwood, the founder of the Academy of Ancient Music, has died at the age of 73.
Airbus has said it will build no more than six A380 superjumbos a year after 2020.
The government is making £15m available to boost the cultural life of towns and cities in the north of England.
The annual increase in UK house prices in March was the highest since 2007, according to official figures.
More than 2,000 teaching assistants in County Durham are to have their contracts changed, the authority has said.
A 1,000-year-old sculpture has been returned to India in 2015 after it was discovered to have been stolen.
A 17-year-old girl has been shot dead while driving in Pennsylvania, US police say.
The inquest into the deaths of 11 men in the Shoreham air disaster will not begin until next year.
The Irish Open will be held at Ballyliffin in County Donegal in 2018.
A school has sent home 26 students after a norovirus outbreak.
SW Radio Africa, which has been broadcasting to Zimbabwe for 15 years, has closed down.
Pakistan have been cleared to play in the World Twenty20 in India in March and April.
Former Peterborough United manager Barry Fry has died at the age of 83.
Betty Churcher, the former director of the National Gallery of Australia, has died in Canberra aged 84.
More than 50 prisoners have escaped from a jail in Papua New Guinea, officials say.
Mexican actor Ruben Aguirre, who was best known for his role in the children's TV series El Chavo del Ocho, has died aged
Irish police have begun searching a site in Dublin for the remains of an Irish bank worker who disappeared 16 years ago.
The controversial double points rule for the final race of the Formula 1 season will be scrapped.
British Swimming has begun a search for a new performance director after the resignation of Mark Scott following the 2012 London Olympics.
(Close): The FTSE 100 was dragged lower by poor results from British American Tobacco.
Taylor Swift's song Shake It Off has been banned from Triple J's Hottest 100 countdown.
Renault is considering quitting Formula 1, the company's chairman and chief executive has said.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day slightly lower, with pharmaceutical companies among the biggest fallers.
BBC Three will lose the rights to show Family Guy after two years.
Sir Paul McCartney and his wife Nancy Shevell top the 2015 Sunday Times Rich List of musicians.
Former drug smuggler Howard Marks has died at the age of 68.
At least 18 people have been killed in a crash between a bus and a lorry in Germany.
Israel's capital Jerusalem has postponed voting on plans for 492 new homes in East Jerusalem.
A boy who raped and sexually assaulted five girls, including one as young as 12, has been jailed for four years.
A collection of medals dating back to 1939 has been stolen from a house.
Eugene, Oregon, will host the 2021 World Athletics Championships, the International Association of Athletics Federations has confirmed.
Traudl Junge, Adolf Hitler's secretary, has died at the age of 106.
At least 35 people have been killed in a car bomb attack in Baghdad, Iraqi officials say.
Chris and Gabby Adcock are aiming to win a medal at the 2017 World Championships in Glasgow.
Russian police have detained 10 suspected members of the Japanese doomsday cult Aum Shinrikyo, Russian news agencies report.
Germany should consider raising the retirement age to 69, a key government adviser has said.
Police in North Dakota have arrested 14 people during an operation to clear the final section of the Dakota Access Pipeline.
A man who attempted to rape a woman in a Canterbury park has been jailed for 12 years.
The Rugby Players' Association (RPA) has criticised plans to extend the Premiership Rugby season by two months.
More than 25 cars have been vandalised in north Edinburgh, police have said.
A scheme to get people cycling in Dumfries by hiring out 40 bicycles has failed to attract users.
A man has appeared in court charged with murdering his 50-year-old sister in Dundee.
Online supermarket Ocado has reported its first annual profit in 15 years.
Wales defender Chris Gunter says the current squad can end the nation's 57-year wait for a major tournament by qualifying for Euro 201
Lewis Hamilton says he is not worried about his poor starts in the first two races of the Formula 1 season.
A research project aimed at boosting the marine energy sector has been awarded £10m of European funding.
Police have arrested a 40-year-old man on suspicion of terror offences in Crawley, West Sussex.
A former butcher has been jailed for more than 18 years for a string of sex attacks on a young girl.
The word "binge-watch" has been named the Collins Word of the Year 2015.
British Rowing have named a 40-strong squad for the World Rowing Championships in Sarasota-Bradenton, Florida.
A team of archaeologists and aviation historians have unearthed parts of a Spitfire fighter plane which crashed in County Monaghan 73 years ago.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong for the 20th anniversary of the handover of the city from British to Chinese rule.
Suicide bombings in Syria's capital Damascus and the city of Homs have killed at least 140 people.
Welsh councils have lost more than £1m because of a slump in global recycling markets.
Hampshire and England leg-spinner Brad Taylor says he is surprised Mason Crane has been recalled as a surprise inclusion in the T20 squad.
The £18bn Hinkley Point nuclear power project has been formally signed off by the UK and French governments.
The number of calls to a military helpline has risen by 90% in the last year, a charity has said.
A former soldier who witnessed the London bombings in 2005 is being assessed for post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
The cultivation of coca in Colombia has increased by 50% in one year, according to a new UN report.
At least 102 people have been killed in a stampede at a Hindu temple in the southern Indian state of Kerala, officials say.
A bridge which has been hidden under a road for 112 years has re-opened to the public.
The Duke of Cambridge and Prince Harry have visited a garden created in memory of Princess Diana on the 20th anniversary of her death.
Gillingham have signed Brighton midfielder David Crofts on loan until the end of the season with a view to the 2016 Euro tournament.
Jackie Collins, the British author of racy novels, has died at the age of 77 after a battle with breast cancer.
Chinese businessman Dr Tony Xia has completed his £136m takeover of Aston Villa.
The chairman of the trust that saved Cardigan Castle has stepped down after 30 years of involvement with the site.
A school in Birmingham with 500 students is in special measures, Ofsted has said.
Wales is set to experience stormy weather with gusts of up to 70mph, the Met Office has warned.
Plans to build 200 homes on the former home of Stoke City FC have been announced.
Claudia Winkleman is leaving BBC's Film 2016 after one series.
Scientists are developing AI to create a highlights reel of a football match.
Australia beat India by 26 runs in the fourth one-day international in Canberra to move closer to a series whitewash.
French rider Pierre Rolland won stage 11 of the Giro d'Italia as Tom Dumoulin retained the overall lead.
Former Israeli President Shimon Peres has died at the age of 93.
A lifeboat station has been forced to suspend operations after 16 volunteer lifeboat crew members resigned in protest over the suspension of a colleague.
Atletico Madrid coach Diego Simeone has extended his contract to remain at the club until 2018.
Austria has announced it will accept 60% fewer refugees this year than it did in 2015.
Michel Platini's suspension by Fifa will end on 20 October, according to the French Football Federation.
A judge has ruled that passengers are entitled to compensation if their flight is delayed by more than three hours.
Welsh rail passengers face 28 years of misery because it would take that long to clear leaves from the network, the transport minister has said.
Police are hunting 76 British fugitives in Spain, including a former soldier who killed a man with a single punch.
An MP has criticised plans for the redevelopment of Euston station for phase two of the HS2 high-speed rail project.
Plans have been lodged for 700 student flats on a site close to Queen's University, Belfast.
The M4 relief road could have an adverse effect on protected wildlife sites, a conservation body has said.
Eight ties have been made for the second round of the FA Cup, including four all-league matches.
David de Gea's proposed move to Real Madrid has hit a snag because of a technical glitch at the Spanish club.
A collection of items from a Nottingham pram company, including a pushchair more than 100 years old, has been sold at auction.
The inventor of the Etch A Sketch, one of the world's best-selling toys, has died aged 90.
Manchester United, Manchester City, Arsenal and Chelsea will discover their potential opponents for the Champions League last-16 when the draw is made on Monday.
A football club has played its first home game in Scarborough for 10 years.
A Lithuanian man has admitted being concerned in the importation of 50 weapons into the UK.
BT-owned EE has tested drones and balloons to provide mobile coverage in rural areas.
Scientists have discovered a fossilised berry that is 42 million years old.
A grandfather who murdered his 11-month-old baby girl has been jailed for life.
Roma captain Francesco Totti has extended his contract with the Italian club until 2016.
Ninety-one per cent of business leaders in Northern Ireland want to remain in the European Union, according to a survey.
Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara has brought the curtain down on a 15-year Test career with a first-ball duck.
A man has died while attempting to set a new national cycling record for a 91-year-old.
The 50th anniversary of the Leeds West Indian Carnival is to be marked with a series of events.
Thieves have stolen 12 numbered cups and saucers from a stately home.
Police in Scotland are investigating an allegation of sex abuse in the 1970s by the late Lord Janner.
Samsung Electronics' operating profit for the fourth quarter is likely to have dropped 16% from a year earlier, preliminary figures suggest.
A widower who said he was lonely after his wife went into a nursing home has been helped by BBC Radio 1 to visit the studio.
A vein of Blue John stone has been discovered in the Peak District for the first time in more than 100 years.
A mother's boyfriend has been found guilty of murdering her 20-month-old son.
The Northern Ireland-based construction and quarrying group, Northstone, saw a 20% decrease in turnover in 2012.
The brains of volunteers in their 60s show structural changes after taking up exercise, a study suggests.
Three men who tried to smuggle 20 people into the UK in the back of a lorry have been jailed.
A US safety investigation into a fatal crash involving a Tesla Model S has been closed with no action taken.
Shares in Google's parent company Alphabet have risen more than 3% after the company reported strong first-quarter earnings.
Coventry City came from behind to beat Millwall and dent the Lions' play-off hopes with 10 men.
Liverpool have appointed Sean O'Driscoll, the former England Under-19s manager, as their new first-team coach.
The sister of a schoolgirl murdered 20 years ago has made a fresh appeal for information.
A new £20m hospital in Bridgwater is to be built with government money.
Afghanistan beat Ireland by six wickets in their opening Twenty20 international.
Former Blackburn midfielder Darren Dunn has been appointed as the club's first-team coach on an 18-month contract.
At least 33 people have been killed in a series of bombings in and around Baghdad, Iraqi officials say.
Alfred Hitchcock sexually assaulted Tippi Hedren more than 50 years ago, the actress has claimed in her memoir.
At least 24 US military cadets were injured during an annual "pillow fight" at West Point, the US military academy.
A former footballer who served 64 years as a kitman at Oakwell stadium has been given a fitting send-off.
Mario Balotelli has completed his £19m move from Manchester City to AC Milan.
A new image-based sign-in system is being developed for Windows 8, according to Microsoft.
Attendances at Scottish Professional Football League games have increased by 12% on the previous season.
Italy coach Antonio Conte has appointed Gian Piero Ventura as his successor after Euro 2016.
The mother of murdered two-year-old James Bulger has said she will continue to fight for her son's killer to remain in prison.
A motorist has been caught driving at 91mph on a motorway in East Yorkshire.
Three men in their 70s have been honoured for tackling a burglar who broke into a house in Derbyshire.
Surrey spinner Gareth Batty has signed a contract extension to remain as the county's captain until the end of 2017.
British actor and Rada tutor Peter Johnson has died at the age of 83.
Harlow is marking its 70th anniversary with a series of events.
A teenager who fatally stabbed a schoolboy in the heart has been sentenced to nine years.
Tennis star Venus Williams is being investigated over a car crash that killed a 73-year-old man, police have said.
England Women have named a 23-player squad for a training camp in Spain.
Kevin Pietersen hit a record-breaking century in South Africa's domestic Twenty20 competition on Thursday.
Hosting three Rugby World Cup games in Newcastle is estimated to have brought £43m into the city's economy.
More than 30 bearded dragons have been dumped at an animal sanctuary in Ceredigion.
Six Welsh arts projects will be involved in a UK-India cultural exchange programme in 2017.
A £10m golf course development in the Highlands has been proposed by the designers of the Bandon Dunes course in the US.
Lancashire all-rounder Tom Smith has announced his retirement at the age of 32.
UK inflation has risen for the first time since November 2014, according to official figures.
Improvements to a notorious stretch of the A9 in the Highlands are set to be made.
Barra Airport is celebrating its 80th anniversary.
The Garden Bridge Trust has said it will not accept any public money for the project after the reduced £20m needed to build it in central London was agreed.
Nottinghamshire's openers Jake Libby and Brendan Taylor closed on 58 at Trent Bridge, with the hosts leading by 22.
A cable car system is being proposed for Cardiff, with the aim of attracting more tourists to the city.
Scientists have developed a new treatment that could cure type 1 diabetes, according to research on mice.
The Catholic Church has declared a Dublin priest "Blessed" - the first Irish person to be given the title in 81 years.
Police in Italy have led an anti-terrorism operation across Europe, arresting more than 15 people suspected of links to Islamist militants.
More than 100 bats have been found in Northern Ireland and are being nursed back to health.
Southampton City Council plans to save £30m by making cuts to jobs and services.
Services are to be held in Wales to mark 26 years since the first women priests were ordained.
A 20-year-old German woman has been raped in the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh, police say.
Raymond Aubrac, a key member of the French Resistance during World War Two, has died aged 98.
Police in Nigeria have arrested 10 men for allegedly attending a gay wedding in the capital, Abuja.
A college that made hundreds of staff redundant bought season tickets to Manchester United games for £100,000.
James Anderson has broken Darren Gough's record for most one-day international wickets for England by taking his tally to 237.
Germany's economy grew by 1.9% in 2016, according to preliminary figures from the country's statistics office.
A Turkish F-4 Phantom II fighter jet has crashed in southern Turkey near the Syrian border, killing the pilot.
Lancashire Police needs to save £100m over the next four years, its chief constable has said.
A council has been ordered to pay £5m in damages for banning live animal exports from a Kent port.
Livingston extended their winning streak to 10 matches in League One by beating Airdrieonians.
Michael Palin will receive the Bafta Fellowship at the Bafta TV awards in 2013.
Krzysztof Wajda, one of Poland's most celebrated film directors, has died aged 90.
Former University Challenge contestants Eric Monkman and Bobby Seagull are to present a new show on BBC Radio 4.
Barclays has reported a 30% drop in third-quarter profits after setting aside a large sum for legal settlements.
An Iron Age settlement has been discovered by 20 students from Bournemouth University.
The US has charged seven Iranian hackers with attacking 22 US companies and organisations.
At least 12 people have been killed in a US drone strike in north-west Pakistan, officials say.
Iran has sentenced a US citizen to 10 years in jail for "infiltration", the judiciary says.
A planned £6m creative industries hub in Carmarthen has been rejected by a Welsh Government panel.
Tom Daley won silver in the 10m individual platform at the World Aquatics Championships in Kazan, Russia.
Northern Ireland striker Kyle Washington says he is still coming to terms with his fairytale rise from postman to international.
A jockey who claimed he was sleep driving has been given a 20-month driving ban.
The British Racing Drivers Club has decided to keep Silverstone Circuit 1 rather than sell it.
North Korea could take part in the 2018 Winter Olympics in South Korea, according to a senior South Korean official.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a schoolgirl in West Yorkshire 51 years ago.
The Doonhamer Concert, featuring Bob Geldof's Boomtown Rats, has been cancelled.
Glamorgan are planning to recruit more players, particularly fast bowlers, for the 2017 season.
Bolivians have voted against a proposal to allow President Evo Morales to run for another term in office.
Hampshire secured their place in the T20 Blast South Group quarter-finals with a comfortable win over Glamorgan.
A scheme to turn part of the M4 into a "smart motorway" has been put out to public consultation.
The Welsh government has scrapped plans to create 25 marine conservation zones.
A man wrongfully convicted of murdering a woman in Derbyshire in 1973 may have been the victim of a police cover-up, a campaigner has
A man has been charged with supplying drugs after a 20-year-old woman died after taking a "legal high" in Devon.
Portugal has announced that it will grant citizenship to descendants of Jews expelled from its territory more than 500 years ago.
A 10-year-old boy was denied a seat on a flight because of overbooking, his family say.
Northern Irish pupils are among the most satisfied with their lives, according to a study of Pisa 2015 test-takers.
England seamer Danielle Hazell has been ruled out of the World Twenty20 tournament in India with a back injury.
Welsh snowboarder Zoe Potter says she is aiming to qualify for the 2018 Winter Olympics.
The man who killed 77 people in Norway last year has complained that his prison conditions are "inhumane".
More than 10% of you correctly predicted the top three finishers in the British Grand Prix.
More than 100 people have died after flash floods and landslides hit Indonesia's easternmost province.
A woman has told a court she was sexually abused more than 40 years ago by a man she once considered a father figure.
Junior doctors in England will begin an all-out strike from 12 October, the British Medical Association says.
The Queen has thanked people for their birthday wishes as she turns 90.
Alliance Trust has announced a 20% reduction in costs, and a shake-up of its board.
A study predicts that more than 20 million people in China are at risk of drinking water contaminated with arsenic.
About 100 trade unionists have been arrested after occupying Liverpool Town Hall in protest at cuts to social care.
Boeing has unveiled a new design for the overhead lockers on its 737 aircraft that will make them larger.
More than 300 Syrian refugees have been housed in Wales by the end of last year, according to the Home Office.
The Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg made the claim in a letter to the Times in 2014.
A rail company paid £1m in compensation to passengers in the previous year, according to the latest figures.
Nottingham Forest striker Barrie McKay's £13m move to RB Leipzig is a "massive step" for his career, says ex-
US Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas has asked a question for the first time in more than 10 years.
The Scottish Borders Council by-election will take place on 5 May, the Presiding Officer at the Scottish Parliament has confirmed.
Mike Nesbitt has said he will step down as leader of the Ulster Unionist Party on 16 March.
Microsoft has unveiled the Xbox One X, its next-generation console, which will be released on 7 November.
SA Brain, the brewer, is to open 50 new coffee shops over the next three years.
Manchester City have signed defender Nicolas Otamendi from Valencia for a club-record £28m.
A murderer who killed a pensioner in his flat and hid his body in a wardrobe has been jailed for at least 13 years.
Jose Mourinho says some of his Manchester United players are feeling the pressure after a heavy Premier League defeat at Watford.
A 15-year-old girl hit by a car and left in the street has been discharged from hospital.
Up to 70 jobs are under threat at a Tannoy loudspeaker production facility in Coatbridge.
Five former pupils of a Holy Cross Girls' Primary School in north Belfast have received compensation payments.
The Nazi leader Adolf Hitler's book, Mein Kampf, will be published with an academic commentary from 1 January 2016.
A military plane carrying 120 people crashed into the Andaman Sea off Myanmar last month because of bad weather, investigators say.
Newsweek has announced its final edition, after 79 years in print.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after a crash on the M6 in Staffordshire.
Students from outside the UK and EU bring an annual economic benefit to Scotland of £257m, according to a new report.
A 29-year-old man was stabbed at a gig in Glasgow, police have said.
Uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against the Serbian FA over the incident involving England's Under-21s in Krusevac.
Housing and regeneration projects in south Wales have been given £20m of funding.
The global economy has experienced its weakest increase in energy demand since 2001, according to a new report from BP.
Nottinghamshire have re-signed Australia all-rounder Dan Christian as their overseas player for the 2017 T20 Blast.
Police investigating the murder of a schoolgirl 21 years ago have said they are "really excited" about a new DNA lead.
Tokyo's stock market dropped 1% on Monday, with energy-related shares hit by falling oil prices.
Bodies of prisoners who died more than 200 years ago are being exposed on a Kent island.
A man who targeted a police helicopter with a laser pen on 28 November has been jailed.
Northern Ireland will host the 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games, the Commonwealth Games Federation has announced.
Footfall figures for the Scottish Borders for 2016 have been released by the Scottish Borders Council.
The first Atlantic hurricane of the season has formed, on 6 August, according to the US National Hurricane Centre.
England's elite players could soon be earning more than £1m a year, says Rugby Players' Association chief executive Damian Hopley.
Tommy Steele's record became the biggest-selling single of the 1960s, according to a new chart.
A 23-year-old man was shot dead at a birthday party in Surrey, police have said.
A discount bus pass for young people in Wales will be extended until 2017, the Welsh Government has announced.
Paul Lawrie has revealed he will have surgery on his foot this winter at the age of 45.
A remembrance event has been held in Cardiff to mark the 100th anniversary of the First World War.
American golfer Jason Bohn has been forced to withdraw from the Honda Classic after suffering a heart attack at the age of 41.
The price of oil fell more than 6% on Monday, continuing a slide that has seen prices drop by more than 70% since June 2014.
A driver who led police on a high-speed chase reaching speeds of 120mph has been jailed.
At least 12 people have been killed in a gun battle between rival drug gangs in northern Mexico, officials say.
The Lion King has been selected for preservation in the US National Film Registry for 2014.
At least 160 people have been killed in a church roof collapse in southern Nigeria, officials say.
Afghanistan beat Ireland by 110 runs in the first of five one-day internationals between the sides in India.
Wales striker Sam Vokes says they must win in Dublin on 24 March to boost their chances of qualifying for the World Cup.
A 45-year-old man has been found dead in a flat in Paisley.
A Romanian hacker known as "Guccifer" has been sentenced to an additional 24 months in jail for hacking into the email accounts of former US President
Radio 1 DJ Chris Stark is to be awarded an honorary degree from the University of East Anglia.
Macau's casinos reported record gambling revenue in 2010, according to official figures.
Tata Steel has been ordered to pay more than £1m after admitting endangering workers at its plant in Scunthorpe.
The number of new distilleries opened in the UK over the past year has hit a record high of 53, according to a report.
London Luton Airport could be expanded to handle 30 million passengers a year, it has emerged.
A man who sexually assaulted a 12-year-old girl has been jailed.
Louis van Gaal has announced his retirement from football management, having led Manchester United to the FA Cup triumph in 2016.
Damage has been caused across north Wales by winds of up to 70mph.
Sales of the book on which Oscar-winning film 12 Years a Slave is based have soared following the ceremony.
The number of cases of syphilis in London has risen by 50% in the past year, according to Public Health England.
All commercial flights will be tracked by satellite following the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, the BBC understands.
Sale have signed Racing 92 scrum-half Mike Phillips for the 2016-17 season.
A £10m hydroelectric scheme proposed for a beauty spot in Snowdonia has been withdrawn.
Members of a gang which conspired to bring heroin into Wales have been jailed for a total of 100 years.
A £100m development in Newcastle has been officially opened.
At least 18 people have been injured in a collision between two passenger trains in Oakland, California, officials say.
The number of people prosecuted for animal cruelty in Wales has risen by 20% in the past year, according to the RSPCA.
Cancer patients are waiting longer for treatment than they should, figures have shown.
The Football Association and English Football League are to donate almost £1m to the Grenfell Tower disaster appeal.
The Co-operative Group has reported a pre-tax profit for the first half of this year, after making a loss of more than £100m in the previous
The creator of India's Chandigarh Rock Garden, Nek Chand, has died at the age of 90.
Russian President Vladimir Putin is meeting German Chancellor Angela Merkel for a 90-minute meeting in the Black Sea resort of Sochi.
The 350th anniversary of the Great Fire of London is being marked with the release of commemorative stamps.
Prince Harry has been given a traditional headdress during the fifth day of his tour of Guyana.
Swansea City's honorary president has died at the age of 90.
Sheffield United have released 13 players at the end of their contracts.
Five men have gone on trial in Argentina for the deaths of more than 200 people at a secret detention centre.
Police in the Australian state of Victoria say they have identified 15 women from Melbourne suspected of trying to join the Islamic State (IS) militant group.
Retired Welsh firefighters who were short-changed on their pensions will receive a total of £5m.
The US has withdrawn an ambassador from Cuba for the first time since 1959.
A man who killed his estranged wife in front of their 10-year-old child has been found guilty of culpable homicide.
More than 7,000 cannabis farms were discovered in England, Wales and Northern Ireland in the last year, according to a new report.
Hearts have unveiled a £15m plan to redevelop Tynecastle stadium.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says qualifying for the Europa League Round of 32 would be the biggest achievement of his career.
Former Arbroath manager Paul Sheerin has been appointed as Aberdeen's Under-20s manager on an 18-month contract.
Troy Polamalu has announced his retirement from American football at the age of 33.
Derby City Council has said it will spend at least £20m on a new swimming pool.
UN investigators are preparing to name 200 suspects in war crimes in Syria, the BBC understands.
About 10,000 people have attended anti-water charge protests across Ireland.
A new online database of 390 trees and shrubs has been launched to help people choose the right plant for their garden.
Russia coach Leonid Slutsky has resigned after Euro 2016.
Police are to remove 12 objects from the silt of the Monkland Canal in North Lanarkshire for forensic examination.
One in 10 children aged 18 and under are checking their phones for notifications before going to sleep, a survey suggests.
A Chinese chef who tried to kill a colleague with a meat cleaver has been jailed for 29 years.
A hospital has received more than 100 complaints about parking problems.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor Murray says the Warriors are aiming for a third successive Pro12 final appearance.
West Bromwich Albion striker Saido Berahino has been given a 12-month driving ban for drink-driving.
Ecuador will hold a run-off election on 2 April after neither of the leading candidates secured a majority in the first round.
More than 700 US government employees' email addresses and passwords have been found online, according to a security firm.
British weightlifters will compete at the European Championships in Norway on 16 April in their bid to secure Olympic qualification.
US Soccer has recommended that players under the age of 14 should not head the ball during training.
Aberdeen-based oil and gas technology company Proserv has won two contracts worth a total of £10m from two major oil and gas companies.
Medical examiners have testified at the trial of the surviving suspect in the 15 April Boston Marathon bombings.
The US has expressed concern after the Afghan government announced it would release 72 prisoners it says are dangerous insurgents.
The BBC will provide extensive coverage of the Rio 2016 Olympics and Paralympics.
A £10m manufacturing facility in Angus has been officially opened.
A 44-tonne lorry has crashed into a house, causing disruption to rail and road services.
Boyhood has been named the best film of 2014 by the New York Film Critics Circle.
A row over a £50m new school campus in Gwynedd is set to be discussed by the council.
Wales lock Luke Roberts will play for Cambridge University against Oxford in the Varsity match on 24 March.
The current Land Rover Defender will be discontinued in 2012 to make way for a new model, the carmaker has confirmed.
A 100-year-old public baths is set to close after the council said it could not afford to keep it open.
Kent captain Sam Northeast's 90 helped his side recover from 108-5 against Essex.
More than 100 police officers in Dyfed-Powys are to start wearing body cameras.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has been making the most of his lead in five states with primary contests on Tuesday.
More than 100 pupils have been sent home from school in Hull for not wearing the correct uniform.
A US citizen convicted in North Korea of crimes against the state in 2012 has been sentenced to 15 years' hard labour, state media say.
Average speed cameras will be installed on the M8 as part of a major road improvement project.
A British man has been sentenced to 12 months in jail for possessing a small amount of cocaine in the United Arab Emirates.
Golf's Olympic status could be at risk if the PGA Tour does not comply with World Anti-Doping Agency rules before the 2016 Games.
Footage has been released of the police raid that ended a 17-hour siege in Sydney, Australia.
A man has been jailed for 10 months for posting racist comments on Facebook during the search for missing toddler Mikaeel Kular.
Plans for a £100m retail development in Northamptonshire have been given the go-ahead.
Scotland met its annual climate change target in 2015, according to new figures from the Scottish government.
West Bromwich Albion have turned down a bid of £25m from Manchester City for Jonny Evans.
Youth workers who work with young people aged 11 to 25 are now being regulated by the General Teaching Council for Wales (GTCW).
Insurance firm Royal Sun Alliance (RSA) is to close its office in Birmingham city centre with the loss of 190 jobs.
Gemma Arterton is in talks to star in a musical based on the 2010 film Made in Dagenham.
Two men who stole at least 115 sheep from farms across the north of England have been jailed.
The Grand Master of the Orange Order has said that a contentious parade in north Belfast on 12 July will be banned.
Fifa has asked Real Madrid to provide information on 51 young players regarding possible breaches of transfer rules.
Hibs head coach Neil Lennon says he is unsure whether Scott Sinclair will extend his four-week loan from Celtic.
The BBC has extended its broadcasting deal for the Six Nations rugby tournament until March 2017.
England and Scotland will wear poppy-emblazoned armbands in their match against each other on 11 November despite Fifa banning the move.
The Welsh Government will continue to fund a science discovery centre in Cardiff until 2021.
David Tennant and Billie Piper are returning for the 50th anniversary year of Doctor Who, the BBC has confirmed.
Middlesex have re-signed Brendon McCullum as captain for the T20 Blast.
(Close): The Dow Jones and S&P 500 closed lower on the last trading day of 2015.
Tesco is set to receive £100m for selling its Fresh & Easy business in the US to a consortium led by billionaire investor Ron Burkle
A wildlife rescue charity has been called out more than 20 times in the last year to treat swans injured by anglers.
A community-owned pub, which dates back to the 1700s, has reopened after being bought by villagers.
Anna Christian and Mel Lowther will compete at the 2017 European Road Championships in Denmark next month.
Police in Italy have arrested 115 people in an investigation into match-fixing in Italian football.
A prison has been criticised for a "marked deterioration" since its last inspection 28 months ago.
Cheltenham Town came from behind to beat Forest Green and move back to the top of the National League.
A suggestion to name a £200m polar research ship "Boaty McBoatface" has gone viral.
A bubble tea chain has ended a 40-hour unpaid training period for staff after a backlash.
Detectives investigating phone hacking have arrested a 46-year-old man on suspicion of phone hacking.
A 200-year-old windmill has been restored to working order.
England's opening game of the 2013 Rugby League World Cup against Australia will be shown live on BBC Two.
A mosque in Florida has been removed as a polling station for the 2016 US presidential election after complaints from residents.
At least 30 people have been killed in three suicide bombings in the southern Yemeni city of Aden, officials say.
Iran's President has congratulated the record number of women elected in the 2015 parliamentary elections.
A 50-year-old woman has lost her home in a fire and credits her son with saving her life.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teacher was stabbed at a school in Bradford.
At least 20 people have been killed by a landslide caused by heavy rains in Colombia, officials say.
Gwen Ifill, the first African-American woman to host a major US nightly news programme, has died at the age of 61.
UKIP is confident of winning seats at the 2016 assembly election, the party's Wales chairman has said.
European eels have been seen in a Norfolk river for the first time in 15 years.
A 67-year-old firefighter has been suspended and subsequently dismissed after a pensioner died in a house fire.
Jenson Button has announced he will retire from Formula 1 racing after the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix on 26 November.
Former Conservative Home Secretary Lord Waddington has died aged 92.
Action camera maker GoPro has said it plans to cut 270 jobs as part of a restructuring.
The chief of staff of Yemen's President Abdrabbuh Mansour Hadi has been freed seven days after he was held by Houthi rebels.
North Korea is holding local elections on Sunday, but the country's leader Kim Jong-un was elected in a parliamentary election in 2014.
Ian Martin says he is not giving up on the 2017 Isle of Man TT, despite quitting Honda's road racing team.
A plastic bag factory has closed with the loss of 40 jobs.
Consumer confidence has fallen sharply since the UK voted to leave the European Union on 24 June, according to a new survey.
Two men who killed a 17-year-old boy in a joyriding crash have been jailed.
Sophie Brown says she will not switch disciplines to try to qualify for the 2016 Rio Paralympics.
Cardiff Blues maintained their perfect Pro12 record with a hard-fought win over French side Pau.
A new 20mph speed limit is to be introduced in Edinburgh city centre.
There are more than 25 women leading their companies in the FTSE 100 index.
A 120-year-old Grade II-listed theatre in Lancashire is to be sold at auction.
An 82-year-old woman has been killed in a house fire in Kilmarnock.
Edinburgh will host the finals of the European Champions Cup and Challenge Cup in 2017.
Tottenham have signed Spain striker Roberto Soldado from Valencia for a club record £26m.
A woman with learning disabilities has been given permission to be sterilised after giving birth to six children.
The six teams shortlisted to rebuild an 18th Century stately home after a fire have been announced.
An exhibition has been launched to mark 50 years since the closure of Nottingham's Victoria Station.
A postcard sent from Spain 29 years ago has been delivered to a home in Swansea.
Manchester City Council is to review the effectiveness of 20mph zones in reducing accidents.
A former IRA man who spent 38 years on the run has been jailed for six months for firearms offences.
Up to 76 jobs could be lost at Shrewsbury's largest college, it has been announced.
A US man has been exonerated and freed after spending 28 years in prison for a murder he did not commit.
More than 200 businesses are illegally dumping waste in communal bins in Edinburgh, the City of Edinburgh Council has said.
The former actor and president of the learning disabilities charity Mencap, Lord Rix, has called for a change in the law on assisted dying at the age of
A former homeless alcoholic has been made an OBE in the 2014 New Year's Honours list for his work with homeless people.
India beat Sri Lanka by an innings and 171 runs in the second Test in Colombo to go 2-0 up in the series.
The Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) has announced plans to invest £250m in improving tennis facilities across the UK.
BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game at the 2014 World Cup.
The UK's recorded music industry grew for the first time in five years in 2016, according to the British Phonographic Industry (BPI).
Two men have died following a crash on the A713 in Dumfries and Galloway.
Fast bowler Boyd Rankin is to return to Ireland after switching to England in 2012.
A reduced Championship programme is part of a new county cricket schedule that begins in 2016.
Leeds Rhinos say the damage caused by floods to their training ground is likely to cost £1m.
At least 10 people have been killed in a fire at a textile factory in Bangladesh, officials say.
Richard Simpson has won the 2014 John Moores Painting Prize for a work that the judge described as "quite extraordinary".
Long daytime naps are associated with an increased risk of type-2 diabetes, according to Japanese researchers.
A man who drove to Manchester to help people affected by the attack which killed 22 people has been praised by the victims he helped.
Police have found 16 petrol bombs in west Belfast.
A record 15 Scottish athletes have been selected in the GB athletics team for the Rio Olympics.
Police in western India have found 23 female foetuses buried in a field in the state of Maharashtra.
A man who made a hoax bomb threat which led to 27 patients being evacuated from a hospital has been jailed.
A quarter of the world's food is transported through vulnerable chokepoints, a new report has warned.
A portrait of a Gloucestershire shopkeeper has been brought out of storage for the first time in 25 years.
British cyclist Dani King could make a surprise return to the track at the 2018 Gold Coast Commonwealth Games in Australia.
Almost £5m of extra funding has been allocated to tackle waiting lists for autism assessments.
At least 100 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack at a football ceremony in Iraq, officials say.
Saudi Arabia has announced plans to develop its Red Sea coastline as a luxury tourism destination at a cost of £3.5bn.
A 16th Century historic hall has been badly damaged by a fire.
A Delhi court has refused to allow two Italian marines accused of killing two Indian fishermen in 2012 to return home.
The death of Muhammad Ali at the age of 74 has been trending on Twitter since the news was confirmed on Saturday morning.
A barracks in Brecon, Powys, is proposed to close in 2024, the Ministry of Defence has said.
Archaeologists have discovered a mass grave containing about 30 skeletons in Peterborough.
Featherstone Rovers reached the last eight of the 2016 Challenge Cup with a hard-fought win over Halifax.
There is no date for the inquest into the Kingsmill massacre, which killed 10 Protestant workmen 40 years ago, to begin.
A team of engineers has stepped in to help recreate a vital component of a machine used by the Nazis in 1942.
England's Matt Fitzpatrick carded a 66 to remain in contention at the SA Championship in South Africa.
Meet 11-year-old Carissa Yip, the youngest chess master in the US.
England manager Roy Hodgson says Andy Carroll is not guaranteed a place in his Euro 2016 squad.
Bob the Builder is getting a new voice and a new look 17 years after the original series first aired.
Zambian police have arrested more than 170 Chinese nationals for illegal mining activities, the country's police chief says.
A 4th Century Roman coin has been discovered during an excavation at Auckland Castle.
Two contracts worth more than £4m have been approved for the Dundee Waterfront project.
The man suspected of killing two people in a shooting in Tel Aviv last week has been shot dead by police.
Paddy Power Betfair has reported a near-halving of profits in the final three months of last year.
Women facing financial hardship because of changes to the state pension age at 60 have been told they should consider apprenticeships.
A £9m National Lottery award has been made to restore a historic building in Ceredigion.
Notts County chairman Alan Hardy has made six new appointments to the League Two club's board.
A £1bn tidal lagoon project in Swansea Bay is at risk of being scrapped, a Welsh MP has warned.
The Coventry Festival of Motoring has been cancelled for 2015 because of funding cuts.
The first full trailer for the 2015 James Bond film Spectre has been released.
More than 400 jobs are to go with the closure of a crisp factory in County Durham.
A £1m European funding award has been made to a project to create an artificial surfing lake in Conwy county.
Tom DeLonge has reportedly quit pop-punk band Blink 182.
Police are investigating an armed robbery at a bank in Glasgow in which about £50,000 was stolen.
Former Wales striker Dean Saunders may incur a hefty parking bill after following his country at Euro 2016.
Wales lock Luke Charteris is set to join Premiership club Bath 91 next season.
A £30m pension fund investment has been made in a housing scheme which aims to build thousands of new homes across Scotland.
A Bangladeshi man has been reunited with his family after 25 years of separation.
The RSPCA and the Dublin Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (DSPCA) have seized 30 puppies in a joint operation.
Butterflies could be wiped out from parts of England by the middle of the century due to climate change, a study suggests.
A non-emergency 111 phone line is at risk of compromising patient safety, health chiefs have warned.
A loan shark who preyed on vulnerable people has been jailed for 18 months for his crimes.
Antonio Conte has been appointed as coach of the Italy national team for Euro 2016.
Coca-Cola shares fell 3% after the company reported a decline in profits.
A 98-year-old woman had her dream come true when George Clooney paid her a surprise visit.
A letter criticising the government's record on the NHS has been signed by 20 doctors, nurses and public health experts.
Remains of 16th Century defensive walls of Stirling Castle have been uncovered.
Wrexham have appointed former player Dean Keates as their new manager on an 18-month contract.
The government has announced plans to create almost 1,600 extra training places for doctors.
The production of opium in Afghanistan has reached a record high in 2017, according to the UN.
The death toll in clashes between rival forces near the Libyan capital, Tripoli, has risen to 140, officials say.
Child marriage is most prevalent in 100 countries, according to a report by Save the Children.
The M1 was closed in both directions for an emergency landing of a plane at East Midlands Airport.
The New York Film Critics Circle has named Spotlight the best film of 2015.
Amit Gupta has been collecting matchbox labels for 25 years.
Carl Frampton's IBF world super-bantamweight title challenger, Mexican Luis "El Nica" Rodriguez, will fight in London on
A New Zealand zoo has euthanised a pelican that had become the world's oldest, at the age of 40.
Gordie Howe, one of the greatest ice hockey players of all time, has died aged 88.
A US legal services firm is to create 97 new jobs in Belfast.
A woman who has been selling poppies for the Royal British Legion for more than 75 years has been left "devastated" by abuse.
Headingley could host Yorkshire's first day-night Championship match on 7 April.
A government bid to overturn a council's decision to turn down a 500-house housing estate has been turned down.
Charlton Athletic have appointed Jose Riga as their new head coach for a second spell of 16 months.
The US economy grew at its fastest pace in more than three years in 2014, according to the final estimate from the Commerce Department.
General Motors (GM) will stop selling cars in India from 2017, the US carmaker has announced.
At least 300 pilot whales have died after being stranded on a beach in New Zealand.
England have named a 16-man squad for the Twenty20 series against South Africa.
A hospital in Taunton has apologised after 31 patients had complications after surgery in a mobile theatre.
A bus driver has been arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving after a crash with a lorry on the A34 in Oxfordshire.
Two West Sussex councils have criticised plans for road improvements on the A27.
Stormont MLAs have voted against reducing the £90 parking fine.
Sonny West, a close friend and assistant of Elvis Presley, has died at the age of 80.
Hampshire batsman James Vince says he is excited to be part of the World Twenty20 tournament.
Abellio ScotRail is launching an unprecedented, nationwide recruitment drive to create up to 100 new train driver jobs.
About 1,000 people who took part in an Aberdeen study are being contacted to take part in a new health study.
Former Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli has announced her retirement from tennis.
Formula 1 teams have been told they cannot revert to the old qualifying system this season.
Southampton have signed Norwich winger Nathan Redmond for a fee of about £10m.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says striker Harry Kane is not for sale in 2015.
A total of 170 cases of measles have been confirmed in an outbreak in south west Wales.
A £10m lease for the Perth Concert Hall could be agreed in principle next week.
A murder investigation has been launched after a 24-year-old man was killed in a "violent incident" in Glasgow.
A reunion has been held to mark 20 years since Ipswich Airport closed.
British soldiers spent just 53% of their time at the front during World War One, a study has found.
A public spat on Twitter has left the Welsh 1s in disarray, the group's leader has said.
A youth coach at Charlton Athletic sexually abused a boy in the 1980s, a former player has told the BBC.
An 18-year-old man who died after being attacked at a birthday party had been turned away from the party, neighbours have said.
South African-born gymnast Dan MacKenzie has qualified for the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.