A two-year survey of Norfolk churches has revealed a wealth of 14th Century graffiti.
A 10-year-old boy is in a critical condition after he was set on fire in Texas, police say.
A man has admitted conspiring to import cocaine with a street value of £100m over a 20-year period.
A number of musicians have expressed their sympathy for the people of Nice following the lorry attack which killed 84 people.
The 96 victims of the 1989 Hillsborough disaster have been awarded the freedom of Liverpool.
The 2016 World Indoor Championships begin in Portland, Oregon, on Friday.
Leigh Centurions have signed Australian half-back Daniel Mortimer on a contract until the end of 2017.
A Kenyan court has ordered the deportation of 400 Somalis who were arrested in Nairobi last week.
At least 80 people have died in floods in South Asia this week, with millions more affected by the heavy rain.
Tiger Woods has dropped to a career-low world ranking of 278 after missing the cut at the Honda Classic.
Volleyball will not be part of the Island Games in 2023 after Guernsey decided it could not host the sport.
Liverpool striker Luis Suarez will play in a charity match against Chelsea at Anfield on 23 August.
At least 27 people have been killed and dozens more injured in a train derailment in Burma, officials say.
A Belgian court has ordered Facebook to stop placing cookies on the computers of non-members visiting the site.
South Africa's Western Cape region will cut off water supplies in 50 days unless it rains, the government has warned.
Mining giant Glencore's shares plunged more than 10% on Monday, helping to drag the FTSE 100 lower.
The M1 motorway will be closed at junction 12 for two weekends in August.
A girl who suffered brain damage after a hospital blunder has been awarded £10m in damages.
England manager Roy Hodgson says he will not stand in the way of Harry Kane playing for the Under-21s in the Toulon Tournament.
Kent captain Rob Key has announced his retirement from cricket at the age of 18.
A man who murdered a drug dealer in Gloucestershire has been jailed for life with a minimum of 24 years.
The Pope has called for justice over the 1994 bombing of a Jewish cultural centre in Buenos Aires.
American swimming legend Michael Phelps says he will not compete at the 2016 Olympics in Rio.
A 16-month-old boy has lost the sight in one eye after being hit by a drone.
Guns N' Roses are to play their first show in Ireland in 25 years at Slane Castle.
Wales women ended their 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign with a goalless draw in Vienna.
The world premiere of the first part of Peter Jackson's The Hobbit film will be held in Wellington, New Zealand.
The Hunger Games: Mockingjay has become the highest-grossing film of the year so far in the UK.
Police have re-opened an investigation into the murder of a Belfast man 14 years ago.
The Royal Bank of Scotland is to outsource 443 small business jobs to India.
The Honduran government has suspended 10 consuls in the US after allegations they were issuing false documents.
India will present its federal budget on 10 July, the finance ministry has said.
UK car insurance premiums have reached their highest level since 2011, according to a comparison site.
A man has admitted responsibility for the death of a 20-month-old girl mauled by his dog.
Los Angeles has launched a bid to host the 2024 Summer Olympics.
The founder of a children's hospice in Wales has died at the age of 72 after a short illness.
A laundry firm has opened a new £20m facility in North Lanarkshire.
A theme park where an 11-year-old girl died after falling from a water ride is to reopen to the public.
Malaysia Airlines has confirmed that the last words spoken by the crew of the missing flight MH370 were "Good night Malaysian three seven zero".
Tyrone will face Derry in the 2017 Ulster Senior Football Championship.
Sheffield Forgemasters has won £80m of contracts to supply the US Navy with components for new submarines.
A grandfather has become the first person to reach the South Pole on the 105th anniversary of Captain Scott's expedition.
The number of people living with cancer in Scotland has reached 220,000, according to a charity.
A man has been jailed for seven years for sexually abusing four children between 1974 and 1995.
Sam Smith has scored his second UK number one album, beating Adele's 21 to the top spot.
Former Glamorgan coach John Derrick has died aged 52 after a battle with cancer.
Walsall made it a new club record of 10 consecutive home wins with victory over Peterborough.
The FA People's Cup is a five-a-side tournament that allows players of all abilities to compete against each other.
The number of stray dogs put to sleep in Northern Ireland has fallen by almost 30% in the past year.
A woman who was found dead in a garden after 12 years missing was murdered, a court has heard.
A dog that had been missing for 12 days was rescued from a gorge by mountain rescue volunteers.
Three people have been jailed for perverting the course of justice after a man's body was found buried in a garden in 2012.
A man who has committed more than 100 previous offences has been jailed for breaching an anti-social behaviour order.
India has agreed to buy 36 Rafale jets from France, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said.
The 1981 film Chariots of Fire is to be screened in cinemas across the UK as part of the London 2012 Festival.
Shares in Microsoft jumped more than 5% after news that the software giant was considering making a bid for Yahoo.
A plane crash in Cuba has left 39 people dead, the country's civil aviation authority says.
The latest instalment in the Fast and Furious franchise has become the UK's number one film, beating Baz Luhrmann's The Great Gatsby to the top spot.
Japan has protested against the dispatch of a 27-ship Chinese fleet to waters near a group of islands claimed by both countries.
A car bomb and knife attack in China's Xinjiang region has killed 47 people, state media say.
Taylor Swift has been accused of failing to pay a fan for using her artwork as part of the 1989 album promotion.
Sussex and England cricketer Matthew Hobden has died suddenly at the age of 22.
The barcode is 40 years old this week - but it was not until 1974 that it was first used in a US shop.
A 17-year-old racing driver who lost his legs in a crash has been discharged from hospital.
A leading economic research institute is to be expanded with a £2m investment by the University of Strathclyde.
Ulster will be without Ireland trio Luke Marshall, Sean Reidy and Robbie Diack for Saturday's Pro12 trip to Cardiff Blues.
Homes built on a new housing estate in York are up to 75cm out of place.
Producers of the new West End play Harry Potter and the Cursed Child are refusing entry to ticket touts.
Olympic sailing champion Hannah Mills says she may switch boats after Rio 2016.
A cup used by Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn at a rally has raised £51 for charity.
The mayor of London's term of office began in 2012.
Labour MP Graham Allen has announced he will not stand in the general election on 8 June.
(Close): Mining shares helped to drive the FTSE 100 higher on Wednesday.
A former soldier who spent 18 months in hospital after being blinded in a bomb blast is now aiming for the Olympics.
Haiti's government has announced it is recruiting soldiers from the age of 18.
A 16-year-old boy who stabbed a man in the head with a knife has been jailed for 10 years.
Great Britain's Rio 2016 Olympic medal winners.
A charity has criticised a private hospital for charging £500 for a work experience placement to help students get into medical school.
Former Sri Lanka fast bowler Chaminda Vaas has been appointed as a bowling consultant for Ireland's World Twenty20 campaign.
A 17-year-old boy has died of Ebola in Liberia, the first death from the disease in the country since December.
A former scout leader has admitted 35 sexual offences against boys over a 40-year period.
A World War Two veteran who survived the Burma Railway has died aged 101.
The family of Leonardo da Vinci has been traced, 500 years after his death, Italian media report.
There were 118 injuries recorded at an army training range in the last financial year, figures have revealed.
A man who murdered his father in a frenzied knife attack has been jailed for at least 20 years.
Britain's David Florence became world champion for a second time as he won the C2 at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in Prague.
The chief executive of a 13-school trust has been suspended after a critical report by Ofsted.
Sir Stirling Moss has been discharged from hospital after being treated for pneumonia following a long illness.
Lancashire Police has announced plans to save a further £20m over the next two years.
A 12-year-old girl has delivered her baby brother in North Carolina, with the help of her doctor.
The BBC has confirmed Saturday Review will not be axed in September as initially planned.
The 2016 Oscars ceremony was the least-watched in eight years, according to US television ratings.
Wales could face a tough World Cup in 2019 if they fail to improve their Six Nations form, says Jonathan Davies.
US President Donald Trump has held a fundraiser at his hotel in Washington to help his 2020 re-election campaign.
James Vince took his first Championship wicket of the season as Sussex were bowled out by Hampshire.
Stephen Guy finished fourth in the 200m freestyle at the World Championships in Russia.
Hewlett Packard Enterprise has announced a computer it has been working on for 20 years.
Polls have closed in Scotland at 22:00 as the country goes to the polls to elect its 59 MPs.
Plans for a £10m revamp of Swansea's Kingsway have been welcomed by some businesses in the city.
A scientist who made a fortune from selling his vintage car left £1m to a charity - not his family, a judge has ruled.
The authorities in Guinea are struggling to control an outbreak of Ebola that has killed 59 people, officials say.
Water quality at 17 beaches in Scotland has failed to meet European standards, environmental regulators have said.
At least 29 people have died from hornet attacks in China's Shaanxi province, local media report.
Zebre and Treviso face expulsion from the Pro12 unless they pay a £1.5m debt to the other clubs in the league.
A man has died and another is seriously injured after a crash involving lorries and cars on the A34 in Berkshire.
The number of people having bailiffs sent to their homes has risen by more than 1 million in the last two years, according to research.
World indoor 60m bronze medallist James Dasaolu will compete at the World Indoor Championships in Portland.
A trial involving a group of men accused of grooming and sexually abusing teenage girls has been adjourned until 14 April.
The Scottish government has been criticised over its handling of a potential £10bn investment deal with China.
The average healthy person carries about 400 genetic mutations that could cause disease, a study suggests.
A major Australian city has recorded its highest flood level in 20 years, with water levels reaching 29ft.
A woman who stabbed her partner to death has been jailed for life with a minimum of 20 years.
Australian of the Year 2014 Adam Goodes has been given an unprecedented show of support by his peers in the Australian Football League.
A family whose home was destroyed when a 33ft (10m) deep hole opened up in a road have returned home.
Northern Ireland has had five road deaths in the first 10 days of 2014.
Gloucestershire Police is to close 12 police stations and cut 200 jobs as part of a shake-up of the force.
Up to 31 new pitches for Gypsies and travellers are to be created in designated areas of Solihull.
Gas has been restored to most of the 755 homes in south Wales left without gas after a water leak.
Two of Labour's longest-serving AMs, Gwenda Thomas and Edwina Hart, are stepping down in 2016.
The pace of recovery in Scotland's private sector slowed in the final quarter of 2015, according to a new survey.
A London-wide operation found that 13% of shops were willing to sell knives to children, the Met Police has said.
Tributes have been paid to DJ and producer Robert Miles, who has died aged 48.
At least 62 people are believed to be trapped in the rubble of a building that collapsed in the southern Indian city of Chennai.
Jack has been the most popular name for boys in Northern Ireland in 2014.
A 13-year-old girl found hanged at her home was not cyber-bullied, a coroner has ruled.
A £14m project to restore Canterbury Cathedral is to go ahead after a major lottery grant.
The number of new businesses in Wales has dropped by 3% in the last five years, according to new figures.
A school sent home 20 girls for wearing skirts that were too short, despite the girls having the correct uniform.
The 47-year-old ex-husband of Lisa Marie Presley has been arrested on suspicion of domestic violence.
A suicide bomb attack has killed at least 20 people in northern Afghanistan, officials say.
At least 58 people have been killed in a bus crash in Ghana, officials say.
Marc Warren has revealed that a training aid helped him rediscover his form after a poor run of results.
Ireland is starting the process of selling a 0.1% stake in Allied Irish Banks (AIB).
Ariana Grande has cancelled the remaining dates of her world tour following the suicide bombing in Manchester which killed 22 people.
Valuations for 17 homes are being kept secret after being lost on a train.
Glasgow will host three group games and a last 16 tie at Euro 2020.
Former Irish minister and Anglo-Irish Agreement architect Peter Barry has died at the age of 82.
The Philippines' former opposition leader and human rights lawyer, Miriam Santiago, has died aged 71.
Trains were delayed by up to 60 minutes after a power failure on a stretch of track in Kent.
The number of people whose identities were stolen rose by 62% last year, according to the UK's fraud prevention service.
Miles Jupp is to take over as host of BBC Radio 4's News Quiz.
The number of dangerous offenders under supervision in the community who committed serious crimes rose in 2014, figures show.
The turnout at polling stations across Northern Ireland was 46% at the end of the day, the Electoral Office has said.
A council is to close 120 care beds and day services for elderly people with learning disabilities.
Lost recordings of Bob Marley's 1970s concerts have been restored and will be released on CD and DVD.
Indian anti-corruption campaigner Anna Hazare has accepted a glass of fruit juice after 12 days on hunger strike.
A black hole has gone quiet since 2012, according to a new study.
School janitors in Glasgow are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay.
Tributes have been paid to Scottish soul singer Phil Lynott who has died at the age of 55.
Scotland has endured its wettest winter on record since 2015, according to the Met Office.
A black cab driver who admitted raping and sexually assaulting two women has been jailed for 12 years.
Rory McIlroy won the Deutsche Bank Championship to move closer to the top of the FedEx Cup standings.
Alastair Cook has stepped down as England Test captain after 60 months in the role.
Joe Medicine Crow, a member of a Native American tribe who became a war chief in World War Two, has died aged 99.
Manchester United have signed England left-back Luke Shaw from Southampton for a fee that could rise to £31m.
A Scottish World War Two veteran who survived the atomic bomb attacks on Japan has died aged 97.
People will have to register individually to vote in time for the 2015 general election, the government has announced.
The chief executive and chairman of 7-Eleven Australia have resigned amid a scandal over underpaid workers.
Irish folk group The Dubliners and US singer-songwriter Don McLean are to be honoured at the BBC Radio 2 Folk Awards.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher after a survey showed that the UK services sector expanded at its fastest pace in more than a year in April.
More than 100 people attended a carol service with their pets and their owners in Dorset.
The number of people with dementia is expected to triple by 2050, according to a new report.
Africa's Confederation of African Football (Caf) has voted to expand the Africa Cup of Nations to 24 teams from 2019.
The proposed takeover of O2 by Three in 2015 will be examined by the UK's competition watchdog.
A man has been left "shocked" after receiving a £6,000 bill for his wife's burial.
A Florida prosecutor who said she would not seek the death penalty in any case has had 21 murder cases removed from her jurisdiction.
New tax collection arrangements for Wales are to begin in 2018, the Welsh government has announced.
The United States has bought 10 tonnes of heavy water from Iran in the first such transaction since the nuclear deal was agreed last year.
A murder investigation has been launched after an 18-year-old woman was found dead in a park.
Mountain biking will not be included in the 2019 Island Games in Gibraltar, the International Island Games Association has confirmed.
It's 14 February 2016, Valentine's Day!
A man has been charged with false imprisonment and possessing an imitation firearm after an 11-month-old child was shot in the face.
A 15-year-old boy who stabbed a man in west London has been sentenced to four-and-a-half years youth detention.
More than 100 staff members have been left homeless after a fire broke out at a popular student nightspot in Liverpool city centre.
Scotland striker Craig Beattie believes fellow forward Billy McKay can make the 2018 World Cup in Russia.
Sport climbing could be included in the Tokyo 2020 Olympics, the International Olympic Committee has confirmed.
An investigation has been launched into the handling of child sexual exploitation by 10 police officers in Rotherham.
McLaren are struggling in Formula 1 but will turn their form around, according to team chairman Ron Dennis.
Formula 1 chief executive Bernie Ecclestone says the sport's new qualifying format will not be ready for the start of the season.
Liverpool have agreed a £21m deal to sign Brazil international striker Roberto Firmino from German club Hoffenheim.
A Hebridean tweed firm is to create 100 new jobs after securing a Â£300,000 grant from Highlands and Islands Enterprise.
Polls have opened in the Republic of Ireland for a general election that will determine the next government of the 158-seat parliament.
The amount of junk email in people's inboxes has fallen to its lowest level in 12 years, according to security firm Symantec.
Salford Red Devils have criticised the Rugby Football League after Greg Caton-Brown was suspended for 10 weeks.
Microsoft has changed Windows 10 so that users are no longer able to download apps from outside the Windows Store.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens has failed to win big at the 2016 MTV Movie Awards.
A man has been charged in connection with the death of a man shot on a motorway in West Yorkshire.
A global campaign to end violence against women and girls is to be launched by the United Nations.
A man cleared of rape has lost a legal bid to overturn an 18-month sexual risk order imposed on him.
Two people have been killed and dozens injured after a train struck a backhoe on a track in Pennsylvania, US.
China will close its domestic ivory trade within 12 months, the government has announced.
A woman is to stand trial accused of murdering a 75-year-old woman in Fife.
Two teenagers, aged 15 and 13, have been arrested on suspicion of murder after two bodies were found at a house.
Woking ended Eastleigh's six-game winning streak as the hosts failed to find a late equaliser at Ten Acres.
A 15-year-old boy has been charged with rape after an alleged attack on a girl in a park.
Karen Danczuk has said she wants to become an MP in the 8 June general election.
The co-creator of The Simpsons, Sam Simon, has died at the age of 59.
Coldplay have announced the title of their seventh album, A Head Full of Dreams.
The trial of Irish man Ibrahim Halawa in Egypt has been postponed for the 14th time.
A man has been arrested after cannabis plants with a street value of £0m were recovered from a house in Falkirk.
Paul Hollywood has said he is "excited" about The Great British Bake Off moving to Channel 4.
Aneurin Donald hopes Glamorgan can carry their recent form into the T20 Blast quarter-finals.
The Channel Islands' most famous aircraft, the 727 Trislander G-Joey, has been retired.
A man who was cleared of rape has said he is homeless after a 12-month interim order was imposed on him.
A fire at a recycling plant in County Armagh has burned for more than 24 hours.
A man has been charged with the kidnap of a man who was murdered in County Antrim in 1998.
More than 30 people have been infected with a bug linked to a swimming pool in Wiltshire, health officials have said.
Chinese authorities have detained 18 employees of Australian casino operator Crown Resorts in a crackdown on illegal gambling.
Thai authorities have transferred more than 50 police officers in the south in an effort to crack down on human trafficking.
At least 12 people have been killed in China after Typhoon Soudelor made landfall in the country's south-east.
A Welsh university has said 50 European students have withdrawn their applications to study there following the Brexit vote.
Sir Walter Scott lived for 61 years in the Scottish Borders and was a keen forager.
Michael Dunlop completed a hat-trick of wins at the Cookstown 100 by taking the Supersport 600cc victory.
Nine-time world champion Valentino Rossi won the San Marino MotoGP for the first time since 2008.
A man has been jailed for 16 years for his part in the torture and attempted murder of a rival drug dealer in Exeter.
A new version of the 1949 comedy Whisky Galore is to be released in cinemas later this year.
A report into the proposed HS3 route has called for a stop in Bradford.
Wales women's hopes of reaching Euro 2017 suffered a blow after they were held by Israel in their World Cup qualifier.
A Scottish island is to have constant power for the first time in more than 40 years.
The man who set up the Principality of Sealand has died at the age of 78.
The health minister has intervened in a dispute over underfunding of learning disability services in the west of Northern Ireland for up to 20 years.
The remains of a chapel built by King Richard III to commemorate a key 15th Century battle have been discovered.
York's relegation fears were eased as they drew at 21st-placed Aldershot to move off the bottom of the National League.
Algeria have appointed Luis Planas de la Rosa as their new coach, the first choice for the job.
A wedding dress which was lost in the post has been found after 100 years in the same family.
Chris O'Hare will lead Britain's bid to retain the European Cross Country Cup in the 1500m.
A new steel processing plant in Caerphilly will create 20 new jobs, the Welsh Government has announced.
West Ham striker Andy Carroll is set to return from a knee injury on 17 October.
Hampshire fast bowler Fidel Edwards will return to action on 5 September after recovering from a broken ankle.
The BBC Sport app will be the platform through which you can watch the Ryder Cup.
Clive Francis Wingreen, the actor who voiced the Star Wars bounty hunter Boba Fett, has died aged 98.
A bus driver who killed 25 people in Taiwan last month had been sued by a tour guide and was drunk at the time of the crash, prosecutors say.
Essex moved closer to a third County Championship victory of the season as they built a 47-run lead over Leicestershire.
Five people have come forward to say they were sexually abused by an 80-year-old former GP.
Harlequins have signed American rugby union player Psalm Wooching on a short-term deal for the 2017 World Club 10s.
A toddler who fell three floors from a balcony in Minneapolis is expected to survive, doctors say.
McLaren have parted company with their commercial chief Jost Capito, less than a year after he was hired to replace Martin Whitmarsh in 2014.
A 14-year-old boy says he photoshops his profile pictures because he is so worried about his appearance.
The UK new car market set a new record for the fifth year in a row in 2016, according to the industry body.
The German FA is planning to arrange friendlies for the Chinese Under-17s to help them prepare for the 2017 World Cup.
Germany's population hit a record high in 2012, according to official figures.
A mother has admitted she was the "prime candidate" for the death of her toddler daughter in 2015.
England batsman Joe Root's poor run of form continued as he was dismissed for a duck in Yorkshire's first innings against Nottinghamshire.
A car bomb attack has killed at least 10 people in eastern Iraq, police say.
The family of US comedian Joan Rivers has settled a lawsuit over her death last year at the age of 81.
At least 34 people have been killed in an attack by Islamic State (IS) militants on the Iraqi city of Tikrit.
People born in the first decade of the 20th Century are healthier in their 90s than those born a decade earlier, a study suggests.
Police are searching for a 73-year-old man who has gone missing from his home in Dundee.
The sickness absence rate for ambulance staff in Wales has fallen below 7% for the first time in three years.
A hacker handed a list of US military and federal staff names to Islamic State in September 2014, US officials say.
The death toll from landslides in Japan has risen to 20, and more than 50 people are still missing, officials say.
No drugs tests have been carried out on Spanish football players for almost 52 weeks, World Anti-Doping Agency has said.
Head coach Alan Solomons says Edinburgh have closed the gap on Glasgow in 2016.
A hospital trust has admitted it lost track of 22 cancer patients, some of whom died.
Former Morecambe midfielder Adam Murphy has been released by the club after joining in 2000.
A Russian military helicopter has crashed in Siberia, killing 19 people on board, the defence ministry says.
About 100 workers from North Lincolnshire are taking part in a European-wide protest over the steel industry.
Poet John Agard has been appointed as the UK's new Poet Laureate for 2013.
The Daily Mail's former horoscope writer Jonathan Cainer has died at the age of 59.
Spanish rider Ivan Maeso has confirmed he will return to racing at the 2016 North West 200.
A new DNA test could finally identify a man who was murdered in a car arson attack in 1930.
A man who was shot in a nightclub 13 years ago has died from his injuries.
The number of births in Scotland last year was at its highest level for one year, according to official figures.
A 19th Century building has been destroyed by fire.
Gareth Southgate is not in the frame to become England manager, despite being in charge of the Under-21s.
People with smaller pension funds are facing average early exit charges of £2,000, a consumer group has said.
45 Years has been shortlisted for the best film at the 2016 Evening Standard British Film Awards.
Three men have been found guilty of grooming and sexually exploiting teenage girls as young as 13.
India and Pakistan have agreed to hold formal talks for the first time in 10 years.
Tram tracks laid in 1905 have been uncovered in Nottingham city centre.
A controversial 200-acre wind farm in County Londonderry has been given the go-ahead by the environment minister.
Edinburgh is one of several cities to have expressed an interest in hosting the 2022 Commonwealth Games.
An investigation has been launched into claims call handlers at a 111 service were too tired to help seriously ill babies.
North Korea has executed 15 senior officials in the past four months, South Korea's spy agency says.
Manny Pacquiao has reversed his decision to retire and will fight for a world title again on 5 November.
At least eight people have died and thousands have been left homeless after flash floods hit the capital of Mauritius.
Olympic champion Nicola Adams will face Germany's Mandy Bujold in the women's light-heavyweight at the 2016 Rio Olympics.
More than 120 cars have been found after being taken by a parking firm which then disappeared.
Ireland's women will play their final warm-up match against Bangladesh on Friday before their World Cup qualifier begins next week.
A man has been charged with the murder of 22-year-old Swindon woman Sian O'Callaghan.
A family with eight children has been told they will have to look for a home in the private sector after turning down a council property.
The Democratic primaries are still up for grabs, with Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders neck-and-neck in the race for the 2016 nomination.
More than 400 new paramedics are being recruited by the ambulance service criticised for its response times.
A flute band is marking 100 years since the Battle of the Somme with a special commemoration service.
An Indian man who had been in a Pakistani jail for 30 years has been released, aged 70.
Police are to investigate claims that an IRA informer was responsible for the 23 October bombing of a north Belfast shop.
New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum will retire from Test cricket after his innings in the second Test against Australia in 2016.
Bosnian Serbs have voted in a referendum to keep 9 January as a public holiday.
A High Court judge has ruled that surgery should be carried out on an 11-month-old boy who has fled the UK with his parents.
Gunmen have kidnapped at least 30 Afghan Shia Muslim pilgrims travelling from Iran to the capital, Kabul.
A group of medical experts is calling for the 2016 Rio Olympics to be postponed or moved because of the Zika virus.
About 35 cars have been destroyed in a fire at a former clothing factory in Leicester.
A council's efforts to improve primary schools in Kent have been rated as "inadequate".
Hundreds of people have protested in the Rwandan capital, Kigali, against the arrest in London of a senior military officer.
California has dropped plans to cut petroleum use in cars and trucks by 2030, after fierce opposition from the oil industry.
Ryanair has announced seven new routes to and from Scotland for 2017.
Two French pilots arrested in 2013 in the Dominican Republic over a huge cocaine haul have escaped from the Caribbean country.
Women who have their tonsils or appendix removed have a 17% greater chance of getting pregnant, a study suggests.
A £1bn City Deal in Cardiff could be agreed by the end of the year, council officials have said.
A 51-year-old man who was cleared of rape has been given an order restricting his sexual activity.
(Close): The FTSE 100 fell 0.45% by the end of the trading day.
US airline Delta is close to buying 125 CSeries planes from Canadian aircraft maker Bombardier.
A 24-hour strike on Merseyrail trains has begun in a dispute over the role of guards.
Wales is to be celebrated as a land of legends in 2017, the Welsh Government has announced.
The world's oldest person, a Japanese woman who was born in the same year as the Wright brothers' first flight, has died aged 117.
New Zealand batsman Kane Williamson will be available for the entire Twenty20 summer at Yorkshire.
More than 100 forest fires have spread across three regions of northern Spain, fanned by strong winds.
Wales needs to show "more ambition" at the COP21 climate change conference, campaigners have said.
Super car maker McLaren is to create 250 new jobs at its factory in Surrey.
Leinster ran in eight tries as they secured a bonus-point win over Italian side Zebre to record their heaviest defeat in their 30-game history.
Ferguson Marine has been awarded a £1m grant to help it expand its shipyard on the Clyde.
Cardiff Blues head coach Danny Wilson was delighted with his side's character after their win over Edinburgh in the Pro12.
Formula 1 has signed a deal with social media platform Snapchat to provide coverage of races.
Glasgow Warriors have signed New Zealand international Sean Maitland on a deal that will start in the summer of 2019.
Joe Swash has been forced to pull out of Channel 4's The Jump after injuring his ankle.
Murtaz, the Afghan boy who became an internet sensation after posing for a photo in a plastic bag, has met his hero, Lionel Messi.
A 12-year-old girl is among at least 10 people wounded in a shooting at a vigil in Chicago.
A Facebook feature that allowed users to create a photo album of their 2014 has been criticised after it featured a dead child.
Derbyshire added 148 runs to their overnight score to put Worcestershire on the back foot in their Division Two match.
Austrian police have arrested two men suspected of helping the gunmen who killed 130 people in the Paris attacks.
An 11-year-old cellist has won the BBC Young Musician 2012 competition.
Artist Turner Prize-winner Mark Wallinger has won the 10th Artes Mundi prize for contemporary art.
Renault have retained British driver Jolyon Palmer for the 2017 season.
The trial of an Irish man held in an Egyptian prison for more than two years has been adjourned for 61 days.
Investors have raised £1m for the exploration of lithium deposits in Cornwall.
A reinvestigation has been ordered into the murder of a Glasgow prostitute in 2005.
Haas have unveiled their 2017 car, the first to be designed and built by the American team.
The Scottish government has published a tender for the design of the A96 dualling project.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower, with mining shares hit by a fall in metals prices.
Drivers in the UK are more likely to hit traffic jams than those in any other European country, according to 2016 data.
More than 95% of actors who voted in a strike ballot have backed a walkout, the union representing them has said.
A Claude Monet painting which has been in the UK for more than 30 years could be sold abroad unless a buyer is found.
S Club are reuniting for a UK tour in 2015.
More than 520 bikes were stolen in London in the past 12 months by muggers who snatch them from their owners, the Met Police has said.
Foreign ministers from 17 countries are meeting in Paris on Tuesday to discuss the situation in Iraq.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has pledged to invest £500m in Kent's coastal towns.
About 20 people were treated for breathing problems after a chemical reaction at a swimming pool in west London.
Facebook has handed over data from 381 user accounts in response to a US court order.
Former Ireland captain Ed Joyce has been named as the captain of Sussex's T20 Blast campaign.
Ukraine has held its first gay pride march, with hundreds of people taking part in the event in the capital, Kiev.
The man who bought BHS for £1 in 2015 has been disqualified from driving for six months after being caught speeding in 2016.
Barnsley head coach Paul Heckingbottom has signed a 12-month contract extension with the Championship club.
The Welsh government is to press ahead with plans to cut the number of councils in Wales from 22 to eight.
A Liverpool-based property developer has bought a derelict Belfast building for £15m.
Shares in German carmaker Daimler have dropped 10% after it said it was investigating possible irregularities in its diesel engines.
Australia's Senate has been sworn in, 12 days after the country held a general election.
Police investigating the disappearance of a young girl in 1981 have released an e-fit image of a man they want to trace.
Former Labour minister Ann Clwyd has said she will stand again as the Cynon Valley MP in the 2015 general election.
More than 150 people have died around the coast of Scotland over the past four years, according to the RNLI.
Rangers' Scottish Cup semi-final against Celtic will be played at Hampden on Saturday, 23 April.
A man has become the first person to swim the length of the River Severn in 14 days.
Two teenagers who died after falling from a cliff were both 17, police have confirmed.
More than 600 foreigners arrested in South Africa are to be deported, the government says.
Scientists in Wales are to lead a £16m project to find new treatments for dementia.
A turtle that lost its beak in a fishing accident has had it replaced with a 3D-printed one.
A man who was sexually abused by an adult when he was 13 has spoken out to raise awareness of the issue.
Former England captain Charlotte Edwards has retired from playing for Kent to take up a role with Southern Vipers in 2016.
A 16th Century castle which inspired Shakespeare's Hamlet is to be remembered in a series of events.
The International Tennis Federation has chosen Geneva as the host city for a new combined Davis Cup and Fed Cup final.
A private funeral has been held for a police officer who was murdered 25 years ago.
Clara Amfo is to take over the Official Chart show on Radio 1.
The Home Office is considering releasing 33 files relating to the police's handling of the Battle of Orgreave.
A former Olympic runner has celebrated his 90th birthday by running a lap of his athletics club.
A motorist who drove at speeds of up to 140mph on a busy road has been given a suspended prison sentence.
A new office development in Wolverhampton has been given the name i9, following the success of i10.
More than 100 council staff have had their pay miscalculated after a new payroll system was introduced.
Carlos Sainz's contract with Red Bull's junior team, Toro Rosso, will keep him at the team until the end of 2017.
Two of King John's teeth are to go on display in an exhibition marking the 800th anniversary of Magna Carta in the 13th Century.
At least 12 people have been killed and dozens injured by two explosions at a dog-fighting competition in southern Afghanistan, officials say.
A University of Lincoln health science centre is to be built after it secured £20m of government funding.
Drake's single One Dance is on track to become the first single to spend 16 weeks at number one since Bryan Adams in 1991.
Samsung has announced it will release a reworked version of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone.
Former Frome Town manager Lee Bunyard has been banned for 18 months after admitting 25 bets on his own team.
Edinburgh back Blair Kinghorn has signed a new two-year contract with the Pro12 club.
John Lewis has appointed its first female managing director, Paula Nickolds, who joined the company at the age of 21.
The Irish government has pardoned a man who spent 10 years on death row for murder.
Snooker has formally applied to be included in the 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo.
Leicester Riders forward Andrew Sullivan has announced his retirement from basketball at the age of 34.
Teachers from 19 schools in Powys have taken part in a march through Llandrindod Wells in support of a strike.
Three former care workers have been jailed for historical sex offences against children at a school in Kent in the 1960s and 1970s.
Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths paid tribute to a 13-year-old boy who died after collapsing during a football match.
A Nigerian man who enrolled in primary school at the age of 83 has died, aged 94.
Will Smith hit a double century as Hampshire dominated Lancashire on day two of their Division One match.
A further 65 jobs are to go at a Motherwell truck manufacturing plant.
A 65-year-old woman was robbed by a man who pretended to be a plumber.
German doctors have warned that their opposition to an EU proposal on clinical trials could delay its implementation in 2014.
The Colombian government has asked the United States to update it on an inquiry into allegations that US soldiers sexually abused girls in 2007.
A 13-year-old girl has been left "starstruck" after Prince William posed for a selfie with her.
A charity is to help 125,000 people with mental health problems get more active over the next five years.
People who are overweight are now less likely to die early than those who are a normal weight, a study in 2013 suggests.
Shares in rare stamp dealer Stanley Gibbons fell by a further 10% on Monday after a takeover approach was rejected.
Troon Golf Club has voted to end its 145-year men-only membership policy.
Glamorgan beat Gloucestershire by 53 runs to record their first win of the season and end a run of 11 straight defeats.
Scarlets beat 14-man Leinster to move up to fourth in the Pro12 table.
Sri Lanka have sacked fast bowler Lasith Malinga as captain for the 2016 World Twenty20 in India.
A man who admitted punching a man to the ground, causing him to hit his head and die, has been jailed for 12 years.
British cyclist Elinor Barker says she wants to break the women's team pursuit world record of 4:13 seconds at the Olympic Games in London.
At least 47 people have been killed in the Philippines after a powerful storm made landfall, officials say.
Up to 40 foreign sex workers are operating in Swindon in pop-up brothels, police have said.
Newcastle United spent £50m in the January transfer window, according to manager John Carver.
Gary Neville has said he is willing to "refine" plans for a £200m development in Manchester.
A 20-year-old soldier from York has been killed in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has said.
US retailer Home Depot says hackers stole the email addresses of 56 million customers in a data breach.
The veteran Congolese opposition leader Etienne Tshisekedi has died in Belgium aged 84.
At least 30 people were injured on an Air Canada flight from Australia to Vancouver when it hit severe turbulence.
Glamorgan have extended Jacques Rudolph's contract until the end of the 2017 season.
The chief executive of a council at the centre of a fraud investigation has resigned after 10 years in the role.
A hospital trust which was put into special measures last year has secured £20m to improve patient care.
(Close): The Dow Jones closed at a record high for the 10th session in a row.
The deadline to register to vote in the UK general election is 20 April, the Electoral Commission has reminded people.
The NFL will play five games in London in 2018, the league has announced.
Ulster's hopes of reaching the Pro12 play-offs suffered a blow as they were beaten by Scarlets.
A convicted murderer who attacked prison guards has been awarded £815 in compensation after prison staff lost some of his belongings.
Former world champion Amir Khan has launched an eight-team mixed martial arts league in the UK.
A Nottingham theatre is celebrating its 150th anniversary with a special performance.
The highest mountain in Scotland has been recreated in virtual reality in a first for the UK.
Former world number one Jody Jacoba Bankier has announced her retirement from badminton with immediate effect after the 2011 World Championships.
Ireland suffered their heaviest one-day international defeat as Pakistan thrashed them by 205 runs in the first of three ODIs in Dublin.
The number of police officers in Wales has fallen by 750 in seven years, Plaid Cymru has claimed.
A Scottish government official has said he does not expect the collapse of a £1bn investment deal with China to have a long-term impact.
Lancashire's hopes of staying in the County Championship were dealt a blow as they were bowled out for 102 against Middlesex.
More than 500,000 owners of Volkswagen diesel cars want their vehicles checked for a "defeat device", a survey suggests.
A new £25m station has opened in east London for the first time in more than 30 years.
Olympic bronze medallist James Guy set a new personal best to win the 50m freestyle at the British Championships.
Up to 20 people were treated for breathing difficulties and watery eyes after a substance was sprayed in a college corridor.
Girls aged 14 spend more than an hour a day on household chores, a new Unicef report has found.
A former BBC radio presenter has been charged with historical sex offences against boys dating back 20 years.
A 43-year-old man has been charged with membership of a proscribed organisation in the Republic of Ireland.
A £1m council funding package to help flood-hit communities in Calderdale recover and prevent future flooding has been announced.
A Welsh castle abandoned for more than 400 years has reopened to the public after a £10m restoration project.
Scotland's Majid Haq took a hat-trick as Pakistan lost their final three wickets for three runs in their one-day international in Edinburgh.
The number of missing children reports in Wales increased by 21% in the last year, according to new figures.
A memorial service has been held to mark 40 years since a Canberra bomber crashed into houses in Huntingdon.
Former England Lions batsman Alex Gidman has been forced to retire from cricket at the age of 40 because of a finger injury.
Almost all drug trials for Alzheimer's disease since 2002 have failed, a study suggests.
A man who robbed a shop at knife-point has been jailed for 18 months after admitting the crime.
About 150 people were forced to leave their homes after a gas leak in south-east London.
Southern Railway staff are to be balloted for a four-day strike, the Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT) has announced.
Artist Phyllida Barlow has been chosen to represent Britain at the Venice Biennale in 2017.
Two World War Two soldiers whose bodies were found in a mass grave in Belgium have been given a military funeral.
More than 300 historic buildings have been added to a list of sites at risk of being lost.
Rebii Breeze won silver in the women's -69kg weightlifting event at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.
South African authorities have closed 20 schools in a Cape Town township because of gang violence.
A campaign to stop the deportation of a 40-year-old woman from Manchester has been successful for now.
A £100m development project in Northampton town centre has been abandoned.
The shortage of radiologists in Northern Ireland has reached crisis point with 40 posts unfilled.
Ireland and Lions fly-half Jonathan Sexton is in line to return for Leinster's Pro12 challenge with Ulster on Saturday.
A county council has drawn up a list of 82 assets it wants to sell off to help save £82m.
A North Sea shipping firm that received £5m of public funding has been rescued after administrators raised £18m.
A school has reversed a decision to let pupils leave early to watch Euro 2016.
An 80-year-old woman died after being knocked over by a supermarket sliding door, an inquest has found.
Hull KR captain Kurt Gidley has signed a new deal to stay with the club until the end of 2019.
A major diversion of the A8/M8 in North Lanarkshire has been put in place as part of a major roadworks project.
A scheme to give parents vouchers to attend parenting classes cost £2m but only 4% of parents took part, Labour has said.
A 101-year-old woman has said she is too afraid to return home after being mugged in north London.
Fast food giant McDonald's has extended its sponsorship of the Olympics until 2020.
A tattoo artist has been jailed for 12 years for filming women in the toilets of his shop and sexually assaulting two of them.
Turbulence on a flight from Paris to Kunming in China has injured 22 people, Chinese media report.
A steel firm which was taken over by Saudi investors has gone into administration with the loss of 100 jobs.
Hong Kong completed a 2-1 series win over Scotland with a comfortable victory in the third Twenty20 match.
A 15-year-old boy who raped two girls has been detained for three years.
Snap has priced its initial public offering at $17 a share, above the expected range.
More than 100 patients may have been left waiting for hospital appointments after referral data was lost.
A book that was overdue for 80 years has been returned to a library in County Donegal.
The deployment of 90 US paratroopers to Ukraine to train local forces is "extremely dangerous", Russia says.
More than 100 people have attended a protest against the felling of a tree in Sheffield.
A 71-year-old woman was trapped beneath a double-decker bus for more than an hour after it crashed in west London.
The strongest storm to hit the UK so far in 2015 has swept in from the Atlantic bringing strong winds and rain.
India and Bangladesh have signed an agreement to end a 70-year-old territorial dispute.
Ulster have cancelled the signing of South Africa international Arno Botha, who was due to join the province in 2017.
The boss of Indian mining giant Vedanta Resources is to buy a 12% stake in Anglo American.
At least 20 mass graves have been discovered in Tripoli, Libya's capital, since rebels took control of the city.
A stately home with 121 bedrooms is being put up for sale.
The proposed merger of O2 and Three would be bad for consumers and should be blocked, the UK's telecoms regulator has said.
The cast of comedy show Goodness Gracious Me are to reunite for the first time in 15 years.
Crowds have gathered in Oxfordshire to celebrate the 90th anniversary of the Queen's accession to the throne with a bun-throwing event.
The NHS needs an extra £2bn to avoid a financial crisis, the King's Fund has warned.
Africa is on course to be declared free of wild polio virus by 2016, the World Health Organization says.
A new seven-year deal has been agreed for Bernie Ecclestone to remain in charge of Formula 1.
Kenyan Mary Keitany became the first woman to win the New York City Marathon four times.
John Menzies is buying US-based aviation services company Asig for £202m.
HM Revenue and Customs is selling off £1m worth of gold seized from a VAT fraud gang.
The value of field sports tourism in Scotland is expected to reach £200m by 2020, the Scottish government has said.
The personal data of 17 O2 customers was put up for sale on the dark net, the BBC has learned.
A mother-of-13 has said she is "delighted" to be expecting her first grandchild.
Tunisia's media landscape has changed dramatically since the 2011 revolution that ousted President Ben Ali.
Police Scotland has confirmed that 61 police stations will still close to the public despite a public outcry.
McFly's Harry Judd has won Strictly Come Dancing's Christmas special 2013.
A steel tube business that went into administration last month has been sold, saving 333 jobs.
A man who pretended to be a senior executive at Mercedes-Benz has been jailed for 12 months.
Red Bull team boss Christian Horner says he is "cautiously optimistic" about the future of Formula 1 under new owners Liberty Media.
Marie-Ange Koutou is one of the BBC's 100 Women.
A man has been charged with the murder of a 24-year-old teacher whose body was found at a hotel.
Former England goalkeeper Peter Shilton believes Wayne Rooney should have retired after Euro 2016.
A letter sent in a bottle by a six-year-old boy has been found 22 years later on the other side of the world.
A man who was struck by a car while walking on the M8 in North Ayrshire has died.
Wicketkeeper-batsman Jack Donald is unconcerned about security at the Under-19 World Cup in Bangladesh.
Shares in Lenovo have risen more than 10% so far this year, after the Chinese technology firm reported better-than-expected profits.
Southampton ended Manchester United's 10-match unbeaten run in the Premier League and a 19-game home unbeaten run.
A wedding venue which closed suddenly has been placed in liquidation, leaving 28 couples without a venue.
US President Donald Trump has thanked Russia for reducing its staff in the US by 300.
A 14-year-old girl has reported being grabbed by a man as she walked home in Rochdale.
Derby County have re-signed former England Under-17 coach John Peacock as their new first-team coach, aged 46.
The number of people killed in road deaths in Scotland has fallen by almost a third since 2006, according to a new report.
A memorial to 108 men killed in one of the UK's worst wartime disasters has been unveiled 100 years after the disaster.
The founder of image board site 4chan has joined Google as a product manager.
London's schools will have to save an average of £234,000 each to meet government funding cuts, a report has said.
Mercedes have been handed a 55-second penalty for Nico Rosberg and a re-classification of the results of the British Grand Prix.
Microsoft has announced that its new Windows 10 operating system will be available to download on 29 July.
Austria is to ban smoking in restaurants, cafes and bars by 2018.
The number of people applying to university in England has fallen by 6% - the biggest drop of any of the UK nations.
A collection of Roman artefacts dating back to the 2nd Century has been unearthed in a Hertfordshire field.
A major search is continuing for a 25-year-old missing doctor who is believed to have gone for a walk along the South Devon coast.
Housebuilding in the UK fell in the final quarter of 2014, official figures have shown.
Nigel Farage has missed out on a chance to face David Cameron on BBC's Question Time after being stuck in traffic on the A1.
Nicole Kidman has said she is happy to be back at the Cannes Film Festival after an absence of 10 years.
A train has derailed at a station in New York City, injuring at least 103 people, officials say.
The voting age for general elections should be lowered to 16, a report has said.
The British woman who was abducted and attacked by an Australian killer in 2001 says she believes she can find her murdered boyfriend's body.
Liverpool's Liberal Democrats lost 12 seats to Labour in the local elections.
The Australian share market finished the day up 1.5%, with mining shares leading the way.
A Malaysian court has approved a settlement between the family of a passenger on missing flight MH370 and the airline.
A World War Two veteran has been awarded a new medal for his service on the Arctic Convoys.
A database of 200 million records of US government and private sector employees has been leaked online, a security researcher has said.
Former Birmingham City manager Willie Goodwin has died at the age of 84.
Arthur Smith, a pioneer of country music and rock 'n' roll, has died in North Carolina at the age of 93.
A police force has been criticised for using "ploddledegook" in an advert for a chief constable with a salary of up to £150,000.
A 4ft snake has been found curled up in a drawer in a kitchen cupboard.
Two Irish Guardsmen who died in Afghanistan had 50 days left on their tour, their commanding officer has said.
A cat who survived a 50-mile journey in the back of a van is being cared for by a Good Samaritan.
Shares of media companies fell on average 5% on Thursday after Disney and Time Warner reported disappointing results.
Tomas Borge, a key figure in Nicaragua's Sandinista revolution, has died aged 85.
A road has been revealed after 50 years submerged under a hydro electric loch in the Highlands.
A school bus carrying 11-year-olds became stranded in flood water on its way to school.
Three-time world champion Lewis Hamilton will not face action over a video of him riding a motorcycle in Auckland, New Zealand, in 2016.
England have left captain and leading goalscorer Crista Cullen out of their squad for the 2014 World Cup in The Hague.
The mother of a woman who disappeared 22 years ago has said she is "hopeful" after three men were arrested on suspicion of murder.
A woman has admitted a 22-year fraud after claiming her mother was still alive to continue receiving her pensions.
Plans to improve a hairpin bend on the A9 in Caithness are to be displayed at an exhibition next week.
Brazil's Senate has approved a controversial measure known as PEC 55, which caps public spending for the next 20 years.
West Brom will not sell striker Saido Berahino for less than £25m, despite a £15m bid from Tottenham.
A 58-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with the disappearance of a Met Police officer.
Jodie Stimpson won the first World Triathlon Series event of the year in Abu Dhabi to move closer to an Olympic place.
The number of students attending GCHQ's summer schools has increased from 100 to 200, the intelligence agency has said.
Ivory Coast have been given a bigger budget for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations than for the previous finals in Equatorial Guinea.
Up to 10 fire engines could be sold under plans to cut the Northumberland fire service budget.
Two poems by Lord of the Rings author JRR Tolkien have been discovered in a 1936 school magazine.
The number of new breweries in Wales has reached 44, with more opening every month.
People with type-2 diabetes gain little from taking drugs to control their blood sugar levels, a study suggests.
Tyson Fury has been named the 2015 Ring magazine fighter of the year.
Oil services group Wood Group has seen its share price rise 2% after reporting a fall in half-year profits.
A council which has already had to cut £7m from its budget is now asking residents to help it find more savings.
Steven Adams is the 22-year-old centre for the Oklahoma City Thunder.
HP has apologised for selling laptops for just £1.58 after a pricing error on its UK website.
A man has stabbed six people in a supermarket in the German city of Hamburg before being overpowered by passersby.
Boris Johnson has been criticised for using the figure of £350m a week to describe the UK's net contribution to the EU budget.
At least 11 people have been killed and dozens injured after a crane crashed into the Grand Mosque in Saudi Arabia's holy city of Mecca.
The cost of a major new road in the north east of Scotland has risen by £230m due to inflation.
A £1m fund has been launched to help police officers suffering from post traumatic stress disorder.
A convicted burglar who evaded capture for 32 years has been caught in Texas and returned to prison in Arkansas.
Malaysian police have arrested more than 200 people suspected of links to terror groups and illegal immigration.
Aurigny could be written off £20m of debt, the States of Guernsey has proposed.
Frank Bruno should not be allowed to return to the ring because of his age, says Matchroom promoter Eddie Hearn.
Leicester City's remarkable season has seen them go from 500-1 shots to win the Premier League to the most likely winners.
England will face Australia in their must-win World Cup match at Twickenham on Saturday.
The personal details of 32 vulnerable adults were exposed online by a council.
A tiger believed to be the oldest in the world has died in India aged about 20, wildlife officials say.
Hibernian have signed Celtic midfielder Kris Commons on a 28-day emergency loan.
The number of child sex abuse victims in the UK has risen by 181, police have said.
Car owners in London will be fined £100 for littering from their vehicles, the London Councils group has announced.
A former Auschwitz guard has died before his trial for complicity in murder could begin, German media report.
Two more councils in Wales have started charging for pest control services from 2014.
Tottenham were held to a draw by Fiorentina in their 10th game of the Europa League.
A campaign has been launched to secure the future of a festival celebrating its 50th anniversary.
Two Blackpool piers have been sold for a combined total of £4m.
A service has been held in Birmingham to mark the 40th anniversary of the IRA bombings which killed 21 people.
A 56-year-old man has been seriously injured after a crash involving two vehicles on the A90 near Laurencekirk.
Wildfires in the US state of Tennessee have killed at least 13 people and destroyed hundreds of buildings.
A beacon has been lit on Snowdon to mark the Queen's 60th year on the throne.
Durham beat Leicestershire by 11 runs to move up to second in the North Group table.
A Turkish journalist is on a list of 2,196 people accused of links to the failed coup in July.
A famous Tokyo hotel will close in 2015 to make way for a new building.
The Duchess of Cambridge has been in Luxembourg to celebrate the 150th anniversary of the Anglo-Luxembourgian treaty.
A Typhoon fighter jet has been painted in the colours of a Hurricane aircraft from 1940 to mark the 75th anniversary of the Battle of Britain.
Ten of the world's biggest oil and gas companies have pledged to work towards keeping global warming to below 2C.
Two men who stole sex toys and cash from a shop in Belfast have been given five-month jail terms, suspended for a year.
Veterans who fought in the Burma campaign are marking the 70th anniversary of VJ Day with a series of services.
Alex Davies was trapped lbw by Paul Coughlin for 99 as Lancashire took a 35-run lead over Durham.
A new railway station is set to open in a Derbyshire town for the first time in more than 50 years.
A man has been ordered to be extradited to Rwanda to face trial for his role in the 1994 genocide.
Scotland's new tax authority collected more than £600m of devolved taxes in its first year of operation.
The UK government says air pollution in London last week was at level 10, the highest level since April 2011.
A bridge and cultural projects in Hull are to benefit from £38m investment, the city council has said.
A historic estate which has been managed by the National Trust for 50 years could be taken back by the local authority.
A 300-year-old bridge is to be celebrated with a weekend of events to mark its construction in the 18th Century.
A Russian Mi-28N attack helicopter has crashed during an air show, killing one of the pilots.
The BBC has announced that it will show live streams of the London 2012 Olympics on 24 separate TV channels.
A new traffic system which allows drivers to use any lane on the M6 has been switched on.
Police have arrested 19 men following disturbances at Celtic's 2-1 win over Rangers at Celtic Park.
A coach driver has been hailed a hero after helping to evacuate more than 70 schoolchildren from a burning coach.
Tube drivers have announced three dates for strikes in January and February 2016 in a dispute over plans to introduce a Night Tube.
England batsman Ian Bell has signed a new contract with Warwickshire, making him available for the entire 2019 season.
US Senator Lindsey Graham has confirmed he is running for president in 2016.
Up to 150 jobs are under threat at a construction firm's site in Monmouthshire.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says he cannot replicate the pressure of a Euro 2016 penalty shoot out in training.
Venezuela has banned opposition leader Henrique Capriles from holding public office for 15 years.
Japan's stock market rose on Thursday, with investors betting on a rate hike in September.
Warwickshire have signed New Zealand batsman Grant Elliott as a non-overseas player for the 2017 season.
Larry the cat is "very popular" with staff at Number 10 Downing Street, a spokesman for David Cameron has said.
Joe Ledley is a doubt for Wales' opening Euro 2016 game against Slovakia.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino has signed a new contract to remain at White Hart Lane until 2021.
The new plastic £5 note is being introduced by the Bank of England.
A campaign has been launched to stop the cost of a school bus pass going up by 25%.
Distiller Inver House has secured a new £10m loan facility to help it expand its business.
Swansea City are close to signing Chievo Verona striker Alberto Paloschi for about £8m.
Gregor Townsend will take over as Scotland head coach after the 2017 Six Nations Championship.
Former 125cc TT winner Jeremy Saiger was fastest in the first qualifying session for the Classic TT on Wednesday, 17 June.
Radio 1's Official Chart Show is to be presented by Cel Spellman from 3 September.
More than 10 pupils have been taken to hospital after eating a "substance" at school.
An 11-year-old boy died after paramedics were allegedly told to take him to a hospital without a children's A&E.
The Labour candidate in a marginal Nottinghamshire seat has said he may vote against HS2.
The number of people killed in fires in Scotland last year was the lowest since 2013, according to new figures.
Former Ulster GAA secretary Danny Murphy has died at the age of 58.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle have appointed John Robertson as their new manager on a two-year deal from 2017.
Fly-tippers have dumped more than 100 tonnes of waste on a railway site in Shropshire, it has been estimated.
West Ham have sold Dimitri Payet to Marseille for a fee of about £11m.
Former TV-am presenter Mike Morris has died at the age of 69 after a long illness.
The Millennium Stadium roof will be closed for the 2017 Champions League final, the Football Association of Wales has confirmed.
Water companies have been overcharged by customers, the spending watchdog has said.
Danny Lennon has been appointed St Mirren manager until the summer of 2017.
Liverpool has been chosen as the first city in the UK to benefit from a £17m deal to improve grassroots football.
The International Olympic Committee is in talks with boxing's governing body over the possibility of professional boxers competing at Rio 2016.
A frost in May that wiped out the apple blossom is the first in 250 years.
Andy Murray has been named the most searched-for British sportsman of 2014.
Two golfers have scored a hole-in-one at the same hole - a feat with odds of 25,000-to-one.
A peer has been banned from driving for 24 months after admitting four speeding offences.
A 16-year-old boy has died after being stabbed at a school in Aberdeen.
Former New Zealand international Sione Lauaki has died at the age of 37.
Six people have been arrested in east and west London on suspicion of terrorism offences.
Wolverhampton Wanderers have sacked manager Gianfranco Zenga after less than three months in charge.
A man has been arrested after an 11-year-old girl was allegedly raped while being live-streamed on Facebook.
Police in four countries have arrested 10 people suspected of being members of the hacker collective Anonymous.
Scientists have identified 12 viruses that could cause a pandemic, according to a study by the University of Edinburgh.
The couple who won £148m on the Euromillions lottery are to be revealed at a news conference later.
Up to 50 jobs are under threat at a quarry in Argyll.
Facebook, Twitter and YouTube have agreed to remove hate speech within 24 hours under new rules in Germany.
Essex County Cricket Club has confirmed that wicketkeeper-batsman Ryan ten Doeschate will miss the rest of their T20 Blast campaign with a shoulder injury.
Manx rider Cameron Donald will be joined by Australian Ryan Kneen in the Norton team at the 2017 Isle of Man TT.
A 20-storey building in Ipswich has stood empty for three years as administrators try to sell it.
(Noon): The FTSE 100 was up 1% after a mixed set of corporate results.
The UK has run a current account deficit for 32 years, but the deficit has been widening since 2011.
A former NHS chairman who fraudulently claimed he had a string of university degrees has been jailed for 18 months.
Williams have retained former Force India race driver Paul di Resta as their third driver for the new Formula 1 season.
The family of a man who was stabbed to death in west Belfast in 1992 have met police to discuss the case.
A 14-year-old dog is recovering after being attacked by burglars who broke into her home.
A private company has been chosen to run a £91m arena in Bristol.
Spain's unemployment rate fell by 12% last year, official figures show.
Principality Building Society has reported a 6% rise in underlying profit.
A 28-year-old man has been injured in a shooting at a wedding in Londonderry.
Williams have completed the sale of 5% of the team to a new investor, Brad Hollinger.
Somerset captain Marcus Trescothick has announced his retirement from first-class cricket after making his 76th century.
More than 14 million children in the Middle East and North Africa are not in education, according to a new report.
Labour's shadow home secretary Diane Abbott has revealed she has type 2 diabetes.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has apologised to a boy he accidentally tackled during a game of touch rugby in Japan in 2015.
A realistic synthetic human body with organs such as a heart, lungs and blood vessels has been created by a university.
Belgium has apologised for the actions of two police officers who took 13 migrants across the border into France.
A Northern Ireland couple who died in a suspected drowning incident in South Africa have been named locally as John and Lynette Rodgers, both 26.
People taking anti-depressants are 20% more likely to develop type 2 diabetes, a study suggests.
The first of 1,140 new trains for the Thameslink service has arrived in the UK.
Thom Scott says he is relishing the chance to make his 23rd Scotland appearance after being recalled to the squad for the tour of Japan.
The UK has a population of 63.7 million, of which 5.3 million (8%) are non-British, and just over half of those -
The cost of holiday childcare has risen by almost 70% in a year, according to a charity.
A lawyer who claimed he was travelling from Oxford to London but only paid a London fare has been jailed for 12 months for fraud.
Mining shares were boosted by a rise in metals prices, helping to push the FTSE 100 higher.
Glamorgan will be without injured seamer Michael Hogan for their T20 Blast quarter final against Yorkshire.
A £10m project to improve Gloucester Cathedral's facilities has begun.
Former Blackpool striker Nile Ranger has been released from prison after serving more than 100 days of his 21-month sentence.
Conservative-run Somerset County Council has approved a 2% increase in council tax for the next financial year.
(Close): The S&P 500 index closed lower, with the tech sector hit by a fall in TripAdvisor shares.
The Northern Ireland Executive has invested £7m in Londonderry's City of Derry Airport.
More than 39,000 people were evicted from their homes in England and Wales in the last year, according to government figures.
People who drop litter could face fines of up to £150, the BBC has learned.
A tree which could be lost to the HS2 rail project has been named the UK's Tree of the Year.
A man who has volunteered for 33 years has been named Britain's hardest-working man.
The bodies of 12 boys have been found in Honduras, a country with one of the highest murder rates in the world.
A man who admitted possessing and distributing 1,000 indecent images of children has been jailed for 18 months.
Jordan Spieth shot a 56 to take a one-shot lead into the weekend at the US PGA Tour's Tournament of Champions.
A computer that was released in 2012 has sold its one millionth model.
Tickets for a gala performance to celebrate the Queen's 90th birthday have sold out within hours.
Pablo Romero won the BMW International Open in Munich with a final-round 65 to finish 17 under par.
A business group has called for urgent action to tackle a dangerous bend on the A9 in Caithness.
The UK's dominant business group has said the economy has had a "tough start to the year", with growth at a 54-month low.
The 14th Inverness Film Festival has been announced.
A Newport woman who coaches netball and football has been named the 2016 BBC Cymru Wales Unsung Hero.
Aidy Boothroyd has been appointed England Under-21 manager on a four-year contract.
The missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 may have turned south earlier than thought, Australian officials say.
Wales fans have been left out of a Euro 2016 app which allows supporters to follow their team.
Wales striker Hal Robson-Kanu is confident he will be fit for Euro 2016.
A 24-year-old woman found dead on a beach in Thailand was murdered, a coroner has ruled.
Ireland fly-half Johnny Sexton is "confident" he will be fit for their Six Nations match against Scotland on 27 February.
A driving test examiner who passed details of 21 candidates to a driving school has been given a suspended sentence.
The 12th Homeless World Cup has come to an end in Glasgow with the men's and women's teams both lifting the trophy.
Linfield came from behind to beat 10-man Coleraine and make it three wins out of three in the Premiership.
Young people are vulnerable to sexual abuse "right through to 18", a Labour MP has said.
The pub made famous by the Crocodile Dundee films is up for sale for A$1m (£500,000).
Sir Robin Day's successor as the BBC's election night anchor, David Dimbleby, will present his final programme on 9 June.
A South African teenager who was the first in Africa to be diagnosed with a rare ageing disease has died aged 18.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored four goals on Thursday night.
Former Scotland manager Craig Brown believes Wales have a "very good chance" of reaching the Euro 2016 semi-finals.
BBC Radio presenter Dave Cash has marked 50 years presenting on the BBC.
The German Grand Prix is in trouble.
A 61-year-old coach driver has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a crash which killed three men.
More than 900 jobs were lost when a former foundry closed in Bristol.
The average mileage covered by cars and vans in the UK was at its lowest level since 2002, according to Department for Transport figures.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson has signed a new contract extension that will keep him at the club until 2022.
A man has died in a fire at a block of flats in Dartford and about 20 flats have been evacuated.
McLaren have described Lando Norris as a "potential star of the future" after he was fastest in the first in-season test of the season.
English clubs earned more than £10m from the Euro 2016 tournament.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder over the death of a woman in a house fire 20 years ago.
A 17-year-old Kansas high school football player has died after collapsing during a game on Friday.
Former Olympic sprinter Drew McMaster has claimed that a former Scotland rugby international took drugs.
More than 180 RAF personnel are to be moved to other bases in the UK.
A wedding dress that had been in a family for 100 years has been returned after it went missing from a dry cleaners.
A former soldier who served 10 years in the Army has been told he must leave the UK.
Wasps rugby club has raised £100m in a bond issue to help pay off debts and invest in the club.
Nick Faldo says he would consider playing in the 2017 Irish Open at Lough Erne.
Wales will face Austria in their opening World Cup qualifier on 5 September.
France striker Karim Benzema has been banned from the national squad for 10 months after an appeals court reinstated his suspension.
A campaign to raise awareness of the dangers of Scotland's coastline is being launched on Monday 1 June 2015.
A man has died after being hit by a car on the M27 in West Sussex.
Channel 4 has closed its online video service, 4oD.
The UK's Bulwark warship is to remain in the Mediterranean for 30 days to help rescue migrants, the BBC has learned.
The Commonwealth Games are the second biggest multi-sport event in the world after the Olympics.
Ruth Rendell, the best-selling crime writer and former Labour peer, has died aged 85.
Police forces in Wales spent £5m more on overtime last year than the previous year, figures obtained by the BBC have revealed.
England manager Roy Hodgson has admitted he has "tilted" his Euro 2016 squad towards an attacking approach.
Ian Baraclough has been appointed Northern Ireland Under-21 manager on a two-year contract.
The last remaining independent broadcaster on Channel 3 could be about to disappear.
Police have re-opened an investigation into the rape and murder of a west Belfast woman 29 years ago.
A couple who were married for 64 years have died holding hands, just hours apart.
Jade Jones says she will be aiming for gold at the 2016 Rio Olympics.
The number of GPs in Northern Ireland has fallen by 4% in the last decade, a new report has revealed.
The outgoing boss of Marks and Spencer, Marc Bolland, was paid £11m last year, the retailer has revealed.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, led by mining shares and a rise in the price of metals.
Great Britain's Adam Peaty won 100m breaststroke gold at the European Championships in London.
Former Dundee United defender Frank Kopel has died at the age of 61.
Phil Taylor will play in his 10th World Matchplay final after beating James Wade in a 31-leg match.
Microsoft has changed the design of pop-up notifications it sends to Windows 10 users about upgrading to the operating system.
Harlequins have signed Wales centre Jamie Roberts from French Top 14 side Racing 92 in December 2015.
Kim Dotcom has said his Megaupload file-sharing service will be relaunched in 2017.
A 15-year-old girl who was stabbed to death in South Yorkshire has been named.
The full list of fixtures for the 2016-17 Scottish Championship, League One and League Two has been announced.
Action Man fans have gathered to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the toy.
A new Banksy artwork has been on display in Bristol for just 24 hours.
The Nigerian military says it has killed or captured 268 Boko Haram members in the latest offensive against the Islamist militant group.
Only 400 people have applied for loans to help pay for higher level apprenticeships, according to official figures.
Andy Rose scored his first goal for Coventry to end a 10-game wait for a win for the Sky Blues.
Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has said the ruling AK Party has fallen short of a majority by 9% in a re-run of elections.
A Scottish banknote has been shortlisted for a prestigious international award for its polymer £5 note.
Worcestershire will be without Australian seamer John Hastings from 6 June because of a foot injury.
West Ham are close to signing Portugal defender Ricardo Carvalho from Sporting Lisbon for about £8m.
A London borough had the highest rate of fly-tipping in England, with one incident every 0.216 seconds, figures show.
Bank of Scotland has announced plans to close 23 branches across Scotland.
Grand Theft Auto 5 has been named the best video game of the year at the Golden Joystick Awards.
A 22-year-old man who survived freezing temperatures after hiding in an aeroplane's undercarriage has been caught by police.
BP has lost its bid to suspend payments to businesses affected by the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill.
A memorial to honour Britons killed in Tunisia terror attacks will be built in Birmingham in 2018.
The York Mystery Plays are to return to the city's Minster for the first time since 2000, following their success in 2014.
A Japanese satellite that survived just 40 days in space has yielded valuable data before it was lost.
Apple has agreed to clarify advertising for its new iPad 3 in Australia after a consumer watchdog launched legal action.
(Close): The US economy's growth in the fourth quarter of last year was revised upwards by 0.2%, but shares were little changed.
More than 700 illegal guns have been seized in Italy, police say, after a lorry arrived from Turkey.
Thousands of people have gathered in Germany to mark 70 years since the liberation of the Buchenwald concentration camp.
At least 116 environmental activists were killed in 2014, a new report has found.
The Islamic State (IS) group has killed at least 15 civilians in an attack in central Syria, a monitoring group says.
A 14-year-old boy has died after suffering a neck injury during a rugby match.
Three 17th Century cranes have hatched in the West of England for the first time in more than 400 years.
Chapecoense, the Brazilian team from Santa Catarina that won the Copa Sudamericana, has been promoted to the top tier of Brazilian football.
The Australian parents of three of the 298 people killed when Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 crashed have welcomed the birth of their fourth child.
Thailand's military has released 76 people who were detained after the army seized power last week.
Spider-Man is set to be introduced into the Marvel Cinematic Universe in 2016.
A police investigation into historical child sex abuse has found no evidence of "systematic" abuse of more than 7,000 people.
The inquests into the deaths of 21 people in the Birmingham pub bombings of 1974 are to resume.
The capital is marking the 10th anniversary of the 7/7 bombings with a minute's silence.
A fire has started on the seventh floor of a block of flats in west London and spread to the 11th floor.
The first pylons using a new 2011 design have been erected in the UK.
A Wirral biscuit factory is to close with the loss of 342 jobs, the company has announced.
A tidal power scheme which could generate enough electricity to power 155,000 homes has been given the go-ahead.
At least six people have been killed in two suicide car bomb attacks in south-eastern Turkey, officials say.
Shares in Nationwide Building Society rose more than 5% after it reported strong half year results.
Lou Pearlman, the man who discovered the Backstreet Boys and NSync, has died at the age of 62.
Two Iraqi men who won a legal battle over claims they were tortured by British soldiers in 2006 are to have their cases reinvestigated.
The merger of Standard Life and Aberdeen Asset Management will result in the loss of about 800 jobs, the companies have said.
Ospreys have reported a profit of £0.15m for the first time in their history.
Police have arrested 16 people after a protest at a shopping centre in west London turned violent.
Ambulance crews reached 72% of the most serious 999 calls within eight minutes in December, new figures have shown.
Exeter lock Geoff Parling will join Super Rugby side Melbourne Rebels on a two-year deal in January 2018.
A man who was seriously injured in the M9 crash which killed his wife and daughter has also died.
Bus drivers are to stage a 24-hour strike in West Yorkshire in a dispute over pay.
The bellwether tradition in Kent and Sussex dates back to at least 1964.
The UK's last coal-fired power station has been switched off after 46 years of operation.
Singapore has reported 41 new cases of the Zika virus, the biggest outbreak in the country so far.
The funeral has been held for a Scottish oil worker who died when a Super Puma 225 helicopter crashed in Norway.
Mexico has agreed to a series of recommendations made by international experts over the disappearance of 43 students in the south-west of the country.
About 10 jobs have been lost at Renishaw's diagnostics unit in Glasgow after the company decided to close it.
England internationals Jonathan Joseph and Anthony Watson have signed new contracts that will keep them at Bath until 2019.
A suicide bomber has killed at least 10 people at a US base in Afghanistan, officials say.
A 22-year-old musician has died after falling into the River Clyde in Glasgow.
Northern Ireland fans will be able to apply for two tickets each for the Republic of Ireland's Euro 2020 tournament.
Former Real Madrid president Luis Figo has withdrawn from the 2015 Fifa presidential election.
Taylor Swift has said she will not release her new album 1989 on Apple Music when it launches next week.
Renewable energy output in Scotland last year was more than half of last year's output, according to government figures.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, but Lloyds Banking Group was the biggest loser on the index.
Chinese clubs will be required to hand over 45% of their transfer fee to the government, according to a proposal from the country's football authorities.
Serbian police have arrested 30 people and launched an investigation into 40 more in a major anti-corruption operation.
New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum has said he was "embarrassed" to beat the record for the fastest Test century by a New Zealander - 56 balls
Manx rider Michael Dunlop set the fastest lap of the 2016 Isle of Man TT so far on Thursday.
The BBC has extended its agreement with the ATP World Tour to show the 2016 season-ending tournament.
Pinewood Studios has won a government appeal to expand its site by £500m.
The World Anti-Doping Agency has published its 2017 prohibited list of banned substances and methods.
Ted Baker has reported strong first-half results, sending its shares up more than 5%.
A jealous man who murdered a cyclist after learning his ex-partner was dating someone new has been jailed for 25 years.
Glastonbury Festival will take a break in 2019, it has been confirmed.
At least 30 people have been killed in an attack by rebel groups in northern Myanmar, officials say.
Wales fly-half Rhys Priestland has signed a two-year contract with Bath, which will end in 2017.
The first British winner of the Boston marathon has completed 52 years of running.
Britain and Ireland won the Curtis Cup for the first time in 2012 with a dramatic victory over the United States.
Scientists have created the most detailed ever scan of the human brain.
Wolves striker Nouha Dicko has signed a new contract to stay at Molineux until 2018.
A 14-year-old girl from Leeds has been named as one of the victims of the Manchester Arena attack.
A campaign has been launched to save a 16th Century hall after a fire destroyed part of the building.
Health ministers from West Africa have agreed to set up a 90-day emergency operations centre in Guinea to tackle the Ebola outbreak.
The inquest into the 1976 Ballymurphy massacre murders has been adjourned to allow police to investigate a new lead.
The Philippines has held a memorial service for 17 police officers killed in a clash with Muslim rebels.
Boston has been chosen as the US city to bid to host the 2020 Olympics.
Apple has reported a fall in iPhone sales in the first quarter of 2017.
A project to build a £1bn electricity link between Scotland and Norway has been given the go-ahead.
A section of the M18 in Manchester is to remain closed for up to 10 days after a sinkhole opened up.
The Bank of Scotland has unveiled a new £10 note which will be issued to the public later this month.
More than one in four disabled people are not online, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
About 20 pupils were sent home from lessons at a Luton school for wearing the wrong type of trousers.
A 15-year-old boy has been convicted of murdering a schoolboy who was chased and stabbed in north-west London.
Honda have parted company with chief technical officer Yasuhisa Arai ahead of the 2017 Formula 1 season.
The pay of top bosses at FTSE 100 companies has risen by nearly 50% in five years, a union has said.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says he is against the idea of a British football team at the 2020 Olympics.
Chelsea Manning has thanked Barack Obama for granting her clemency, saying she is "forever in your debt".
Stephen Fry has joined a campaign to save Soho from the "threat" of the £20bn Crossrail 2 project.
The Sundance Film Festival has announced the world premieres of its dramatic and documentary features for 2017.
The amount lent to homebuyers in the UK last year was the highest for seven years, according to the Council of Mortgage Lenders (CML).
Brazilian users have been joking about how they will spend the next 48 hours without WhatsApp.
Cricket Scotland has been named the best cricket development programme in the world for the second time in 10 years.
A French league game was halted after sexist banners were unfurled in the stands.
The first Test between Australia and India will be delayed by eight days following the death of Phillip Hughes.
Police Scotland have received 130 reports of child sexual abuse within football since the end of November.
Motherwell Under-20s coach Stephen Craigan will be in charge of the first team for 48 hours.
More than 1,000 migrants are feared dead after two boats capsized off the coast of Libya, the Italian coastguard says.
Ireland and Munster wing Keith Earls has been suspended for two weeks for striking an opponent in the head.
A fresh search for a missing Irish girl who disappeared 34 years ago has begun in County Donegal.
Sharp has unveiled a smartphone display that offers 4K resolution.
Liverpool have confirmed the signings of France defender Mamadou Sakho and Sporting Lisbon's England Under-21 centre-back Tiago Ilori within 24 hours.
Two Dyfed-Powys Police officers have denied fraud after they were secretly filmed leaving their posts 72 times.
A couple have said they are still in shock after winning £1m on the National Lottery.
The final of Euro 2016 was the most watched programme on BBC One last weekend, according to overnight ratings.
More than 600 bodies have been recovered from the site of a garment factory building that collapsed in Bangladesh last week.
An East Midlands ambulance service has seen its financial problems worsen by £8m in the last year.
A 22-year-old Australian man has been arrested at Sydney Airport as he tried to leave the country to join IS militants in Syria.
A wildlife group has raised concerns about the impact on red squirrels if 600 homes are built near a nature reserve.
A cargo plane carrying 39 people has crashed on landing in South Sudan, killing at least 10 people.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a 17-year-old girl in Bath more than 30 years ago.
McLaren have signed Lando Norris as their "driver of the future" and are preparing him for Formula 1.
About 18 people were evacuated from a care home after a fire broke out in the building.
A group of railway workers had a lucky escape when a 125mph train passed just feet away from them, an investigation has found.
Nyquist has won the 145th Kentucky Derby at Churchill Downs.
An 11-year-old boy has died after collapsing at a Scout jamboree in Finland.
Shares in DFS fell 22% after the sofa retailer warned that sales had slowed in the run-up to Christmas.
Former heavyweight champion Evander Holyfield says he wants to fight again after six years out of the ring.
West Bromwich Albion are willing to pay £12m for Liverpool defender Dejan Lovren, BBC Sport has learned.
US comedian and civil rights activist Dick Gregory has died at the age of 84, his family has announced.
Swiss voters have rejected a proposal to limit executive pay to no more than 12 times the salary of the lowest-paid worker in a company.
A passenger has posted video of a Monarch plane being blown off course on what was the last day of November.
A pharmacist who gave the wrong medication to a woman who later died has been given a four-month suspended sentence.
Somerset batsman James Trego says T20 cricket is "spoiling" the game for the next generation.
Kevin Pietersen should be considered for England's World Twenty20 squad, says ex-captain Michael Vaughan.
A memorial service has been held in Hull to mark the 30th anniversary of the Falklands War.
A man who killed a 19-year-old woman in a high-speed crash has been jailed for four years.
The son of Brazilian football legend Pele has been given a 9-year prison sentence for money laundering.
Indian police say they have killed at least 17 Maoist rebels in a gunfight in the central state of Chhattisgarh, in which a 45-year-old police
Leicester Tigers hooker George Youngs says a 10-month Premiership season is "a long time" for players.
Queen's University has dropped 12 places in the latest global university rankings.
A police review of a man's murder 30 years ago will be passed to the Crown Prosecution Service.
A club cricketer in Bangladesh has conceded 16 runs from four balls in a match that was abandoned because of poor light.
The number of crimes on trains in Wales has fallen by 150, according to British Transport Police.
The Environment Agency has closed the tidal barrier in Sheerness, Kent, more than 20 times this winter.
Rail passengers in Scotland will get a £95 discount on their annual season tickets, the Scottish government has announced.
Matt Lucas is to return to Doctor Who as a regular cast member in series 10.
Raphael Varane has been ruled out of Euro 2016 after injuring his thigh in Real Madrid's Champions League semi-final defeat by Atletico Madrid.
Patients who have surgery more than 24 hours after breaking a hip are more likely to die, a study suggests.
Ebbsfleet extended their unbeaten run to 20 games but had to settle for a point at Maidenhead.
A man who carried out a 17-year campaign of rape and violence against three women has been jailed for five years.
A police dog that was deliberately run over on a motorway was a "foxhound," a review has concluded.
Nottingham Forest striker Ben Brereton has signed a new contract with the Championship club until 2019.
Betty Cuthbert, one of Australia's most successful Olympic runners, has died aged 79.
About 1,000 Bolivian soldiers have been protesting in the capital, La Paz, against discrimination in the armed forces.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher on Friday, despite shares in outsourcing group Capita continuing to fall.
Water voles are being reintroduced into a Yorkshire nature reserve for the first time in 50 years.
Northampton Saints back Harry Mallinder is one of 13 players to have signed their first professional contracts with the club.
Roger Federer has signed a new deal to play at the Swiss Indoors tournament in Basel until 2019.
Tributes have been paid to Welsh actress Deddie Davies who has died at the age of 73.
More than 1,000 households in the Highlands are to be surveyed over concerns about the quality of their drinking water.
The Hollywood film company Miramax has been sold for $660m to a group of investors led by Filmyard.
Jonathan Rea is aiming to dominate the Superbike series after winning the opening race of the new World Superbike season in Australia.
The number of overnight trips to Northern Ireland from the Republic of Ireland has fallen by 320,000 in four years.
Military prosecutors have dropped 57 cases involving allegations of abuse against British troops in Iraq.
The Australian scientist who developed the 2006 HPV vaccine says it could eradicate cervical cancer within 40 years.
A £4m grant has been awarded to protect the Ironbridge Gorge in Shropshire from landslides.
Breastfeeding rates in Scotland have remained "broadly similar" over the last 10 years, according to new figures.
BBC Sport's cricket experts pick out the key facts and figures for the 2015 World Cup teams.
Former Scotland flanker Alasdair Strokosch has announced his retirement from international rugby with immediate effect after nine years.
A council is proposing to raise council tax by 3% to help pay for social care.
John Berry, a founding member of US rap group Beastie Boys, has died aged 55.
Seven Olympic weightlifters have been banned for doping after retests of their samples from the 2012 London Games.
Brazilian prosecutors have filed homicide charges against 11 former employees of three mining companies over a dam collapse last year.
The clocks will go forward by one hour at 1am on Sunday.
Police are searching a field for a man who went missing in 1992.
New data protection laws will come into effect in 2018, giving individuals more control over their personal information.
Shares in Flybe rose 5% after the carrier reported its annual loss had narrowed.
A search is under way for a 73-year-old DJ who has not been seen for several days.
The number of hate crimes against transgender people in London is at its highest level since 2008, according to the Metropolitan Police.
Olympic dressage champion Charlotte Dujardin says she will retire her horse Valegro after the 2016 Games in Rio.
The Borders council is to create 100 parking spaces in Hawick town centre.
Libya has frozen a controversial order that banned women under the age of 60 from travelling abroad without a male guardian.
Germany's Marcel Kittel will miss the rest of the Tour de France after being forced to abandon stage 11.
West Indies have parted company with coach Phil Simmons ahead of their three-Test series against Pakistan in the United Arab Emirates.
Former Wham! star George Michael can claim almost £4k in travel costs after being cleared of sexual assault.
The medals for the Rio 2016 Olympic Games have been unveiled.
A school which has educated children for 290 years is to close.
More than 200 jobs are to be created in County Fermanagh by a global customer service company.
Mickey Harte has confirmed that he will remain as Tyrone manager for a 14th year.
Chelsea have signed England international Danny Drinkwater from Premier League champions Leicester City for £35m.
The number of children reported to police for sending explicit images of themselves has risen from two to 28 in three years.
A study of 15-year-old girls has found they are more anxious about maths than boys of the same age.
A union has welcomed a new £150m deal to end a long-running equal pay dispute with North Lanarkshire Council.
Inter Milan have sacked manager Frank de Boer after 85 days in charge of the Italian club.
Hollywood actor Mickey Rourke has won his first professional boxing match since 2006, with a second-round knockout.
Labour has lost one of its 25 Welsh seats after the Conservatives took Gower.
Cockermouth has not experienced such severe flooding in about 50 years, a report has concluded.
A variable speed limit system is being introduced on the M4 in Newport.
An exhibition of photographs and film marking the 30th anniversary of the miners' strike has opened.
UK car production is on track for a record year, with more than 1 million vehicles produced so far this year.
Airbus has said it will ramp up production of its best-selling A320 aircraft from 2019.
Newquay boss Dave Groves says the club's plans for a new 35m stadium have been given a boost by a court ruling.
Officials are searching for 10 ballot papers in Glasgow after a number of people reported casting their votes twice.
The Lord Mayor's Show is celebrating its 800th birthday with a parade through the streets of London.
The NHS is to launch an investigation into the collapse of an £800m contract to provide community healthcare in Cambridgeshire.
Carole King will play her seminal album Tapestry in London for the first time in 45 years.
Radio 1 is launching on BBC iPlayer this weekend.
The number of people claiming unemployment-related benefits in Northern Ireland has fallen by 1,000 in July.
Glasgow Warriors have announced that full-back Peter Murchie has signed a contract extension that will keep him at Scotstoun until 2018.
The new headquarters for S4C will not be able to break even unless it is oversubscribed, the university building it has admitted.
Chinese police have arrested more than 1,000 people suspected of looting a major archaeological site in the north-east of the country.
The platypus is the only mammal that lays eggs.
Bristol City have signed Oxford United winger Callum O'Dowda for £1m.
It is 46 years since former US President Jimmy Carter visited Tyneside.
Sadiq Khan has said he will freeze London's transport fares at 2015-16 levels, at a cost of £160m a year.
England and Saracens wing Charlie Ashton has been banned for 10 weeks for eye-gouging.
The government has finally announced plans to upgrade the A14.
Woking's 12-game winless run in the National League continued despite a home draw with Gateshead.
The family of a teenager who has been missing for 12 years have made a fresh appeal for information.
Liverpool have rejected Barcelona's latest £114m bid for Philippe Coutinho.
The Bishop of St Asaph has designed the final round £1 coin to be issued by the Royal Mint.
Manchester City and Ivory Coast midfielder Yaya Toure has been named the BBC African Footballer of the Year 2015.
The closure of a prison in Portsmouth after 33 years has been marked with a march and a tour of the site.
At least 55 people have been killed in a lorry accident in the Central African Republic, officials say.
A man who police say was "at the heart" of a series of shootings between two gangs has been jailed for 20 years.
Bernie Ecclestone has been charged with bribery by a German court, Formula One Group has confirmed.
St Helens will be without injured duo Alex Lomax and Alex Walmsley for their Super League semi-final against Catalans Dragons on Friday.
Sally Conway won Britain's first Olympic medal in women's -78kg judo in Rio.
A teacher who was suspended for telling a 15-year-old pupil she was "confused" about her sexuality has won her case.
Boeing's shares have risen 2.8% to $142.82 in pre-market trading, taking them to a new record high.
South Africa took control of the second Test against Australia after skittling the hosts for 85 in Hobart.
The man who created the Carry On films, Norman Hudis, has died at the age of 93.
The logo for the Tokyo 2020 Olympics has been unveiled, after the first choice was scrapped over plagiarism claims.
At least 32 people have been killed in an attack on a hotel in the Somali capital, Mogadishu.
A 21-year-old British man has been arrested in Hong Kong after two women were found stabbed to death in an apartment.
A Chinese village has created a 3D crop circle using 13 rice paddies.
A ceasefire between Syrian government forces and rebel groups is set to begin at midnight on 27 February, the UN special envoy has announced.
A 17-year-old schoolgirl has become the youngest person to join a lifeboat crew in Scotland.
A UK arboretum has successfully grown 100 saplings of a rare Japanese birch tree.
The leaders of the four main parties in Wales have been looking ahead to 2016, and what it may hold.
St Johnstone manager Malky Mackay says his side are not too far off where they were at this stage last season after a win moved them up to 30 points.
A US league has criticised the Pro12's attempts to expand into North America.
A police force which has guarded York Minster for more than 800 years has been given its powers back.
A public inquiry has begun into plans to demolish 19th Century terraced houses in Liverpool.
Tyler Alexander, one of the founding members of McLaren, has died at the age of 77.
A former Thai general has been sentenced to 27 years in prison for human trafficking.
Two friends who became friends 10 months after meeting are now celebrating after one donated a kidney to the other.
A charity event has been held to mark the birthday of a 17-year-old girl who was murdered.
Wales second row Luke Charteris is a doubt for their Six Nations match against Italy on 6 February.
A soldier who killed a fellow soldier in a "sustained attack" has been jailed for 18 years.
BBC Radio 3 has announced that rapper and poet Soweto Kinch will host a new weekly jazz show.
A new exhibition has opened at a Newcastle museum to mark the 135th year of the annual Newcastle Fair.
A suicide bomber has killed at least 11 people in the Afghan capital, Kabul, officials say.
The 26 countries of the Tripartite Free Trade Area (TFTA) have signed a deal to create a common market.
A Cornwall MP has tabled an amendment to the finance bill in a bid to block the rise in VAT to 20%.
BT has set aside £50m to cover legal claims over the way it accounted for the purchase of the mobile phone company EE.
A silent film about the herring industry is to be given a live soundtrack for the first time in 86 years.
The London Taxi Company has secured a deal to sell 200 black taxis in the Middle East.
The first Universal Exposition to be held in Italy in more than 100 years has opened in Milan.
South Korea's spy agency ran a 30-strong team to manipulate online opinion during the 2012 presidential election, an internal inquiry has found.
The Royal Regiment of Scotland has marked the 10th anniversary of its formation in 2006.
Kate Winslet has told Newsbeat she's "thrilled" to be nominated for an Academy Award for her role in 2015 film Steve Jobs.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has announced the closure of 62 branches in Scotland.
The author and poet Kathleen Jamie has paid tribute to her friend and fellow writer Kathleen Byatt, who has died aged 65.
Police investigating the stabbing of a 58-year-old man in County Antrim have appealed for witnesses.
Haggis could be exported to the US for the first time since 1971, following a campaign to lift a ban on the Scottish delicacy.
Researchers have challenged the traditional belief that two eyes are necessary for 3D vision.
Sebastian Vettel has signed a contract extension to keep him at Ferrari until the end of the 2020 season.
Five new railway stations are to be built with £16m of funding from the government.
The man behind a £1bn regeneration plan for Swansea city centre says he is confident it will go ahead.
A fifth union has announced it will join a 48-hour Tube strike next week.
Plans for a new £5m railway station in Aberystwyth have been approved by Ceredigion council.
A major offshore survey company has been sold for £100m to a Dutch firm.
Southampton have signed Chelsea midfielder Javi Martinez for £12m on a four-year deal.
Probation staff are struggling to cope with 23 targets not being met, a report has found.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says Anthony Martial is worth every penny of his £36m transfer fee.
Villagers are marking the 950th anniversary of a battle that helped decide the fate of England in 1066.
First gas has been produced from a new North Sea field following a £3bn development project.
Scientists have used forensic techniques to recreate the face of a 5th Century BC woman found in a tomb in Peru.
A man from Londonderry has come up with a pun for each of the 32 counties in Ireland.
Olympic cyclist Jess Varnish has announced her retirement at the age of 21.
Daniel Ricciardo will stay at Red Bull until at least 2021, according to the team's chief Christian Horner.
The NHS in England will be banned from paying staffing agencies more than 55% above the cost of a permanent member of staff from April 2017.
Peregrine falcons have returned to Suffolk for the first time in 17 years, according to conservationists.
West Ham United's hopes of securing a naming-rights sponsor for the 2012 London Stadium have been dashed.
The Treasury has set a £20bn target for savings in government departments this year, BBC News has learned.
A bid to restore a 13th Century garden in Denbighshire to its former glory has been given a boost.
Plans for a £1bn extension to Sheffield's Meadowhall shopping centre have been unveiled.
Francis Maude has announced he will step down as MP at the next general election in 2015.
At least 15 people have been killed in a second fire after a fuel tanker was hit by a bomb in north-western Pakistan.
A woman whose home was burgled on Christmas Eve has received more than £1,000 in donations to replace stolen gifts.
The Scottish Conservatives have pledged to create 10,000 new college places if they win the Scottish election.
A man who received the world's first heart-lung transplant 30 years ago has celebrated the anniversary of his operation.
French investigators are focusing on a group of Russian hackers in their search for those who targeted TV5 Monde.
A retailer has been told it must not run adverts that suggest viewers can watch the Euro 2016 football championship in 4K.
A turkey processing plant in Lincolnshire is to close with the loss of 80 jobs.
Radio presenter Terry O'Grady broke down on air as he paid tribute to his friend Cilla Black, who died on 2 August.
Physical inactivity becomes a greater risk factor for heart disease than smoking in women over 30, a study suggests.
A 19-year-old man has been charged with murder after a teenager was found with head injuries at a holiday park.
A deputy leader of Sheffield City Council is stepping down in 12 months to take up a new job.
A £1bn scheme to revamp Exeter's Princesshay shopping centre has been approved.
An attack by poachers in Kenya has left 11 people dead, including three members of the same family.
Greece's parliament has narrowly approved a budget that includes €5bn in cuts and tax increases.
Former heptathlon world bronze medallist Kelly Sotherton is considering a comeback in the 800m.
A 15-year-old girl has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in Essex.
A police station in Lincoln city centre is to be sold for £1, the county's Police and Crime Commissioner has said.
About 850 patients were sent letters warning they might have cancer after the wrong leaflet was inserted into their appointment letter.
The Specials drummer John "Brad" Bradbury has died at the age of 53.
Japan's oldest footballer, 49-year-old Kazuyoshi Miura, has signed a new contract with Yokohoma FC.
The executive has reallocated £295m to health and education in Northern Ireland.
A judge has ruled that the government acted unlawfully in refusing to allow 400 homes to be built in a conservation area.
Martyn Irvine has been voted BBC Northern Ireland's Sports Personality of 2013.
At least 10 people have been injured in a car bomb attack by Kurdish militants in south-eastern Turkey, officials say.
A public inquiry has begun into plans to build 250 homes on the edge of Maidstone.
A 12-month review into the quality of life and care of older people in residential care in Wales has begun.
The future of Welsh language broadcaster S4C will not be decided until 2017, the UK government has said.
A tunnel at a major Scottish railway station is to be closed for five months for major engineering work.
Australia has turned back to Vietnam a boat carrying 46 asylum seekers, including women and children.
Marc Marquez extended his lead in the MotoGP championship by 52 points with victory in the Czech Republic.
Red Bull have ended talks with Mercedes about switching their Formula 1 engine supplier.
Two England rugby stars who are set to play in the British and Irish Lions series against New Zealand next year joined their first club in 2006.
The world's oldest person, an Italian woman, has died aged 118, her family says.
Scarlets will struggle to qualify from Pool 4 of the Champions Cup after their heavy defeat by Racing 92, says lock Jake Owens.
More than £250m will be made available to councils to fund weekly rubbish collections, the government has announced.
Lord of the Rings actor Sir Christopher Lee has released a heavy metal album at the age of 91.
Children with type 1 diabetes are being admitted to hospital in Wales more than 1,000 times a year, according to research.
A 10-year-old girl who drowned in a swimming pool was not spotted in distress by her teacher or a lifeguard, a judge has ruled.
Radamel Falcao has been included in Chelsea's Champions League squad, despite the Colombian striker being a long way short of full fitness.
The 2017 Grand National field has been finalised, with 40 horses set to run at Aintree on Saturday.
Actor Geoffrey Hughes, who played Eddie Yeats in Coronation Street, has died at the age of 68.
The number of women being diagnosed with lung cancer each year has increased by more than 3%, according to figures.
Fuel prices have risen by an average of 0.4p a litre a month so far this year, according to the RAC.
Lancashire completed a second successive County Championship win by beating Hampshire by an innings.
A sculpture mistaken for a real body was spotted by a member of the public and a 999 call made to the emergency services.
Solihull Moors held on to beat 10-man Bromley despite having a man advantage for the final five minutes.
Human remains have been found during work to restore the gardens of the 18th Century Royal Pavilion in Brighton.
A man was given 17 electric shocks to restart his heart after he suffered a cardiac arrest.
A lorry driver has been taken to hospital after a crash on the M4 in Cardiff.
An 11-year-old girl whose home was burgled has written a letter to her thieves, saying they have made her "scared of the dark again".
A vitamin found in meat, fish and dairy products can help fight potentially deadly bacterial infections, research suggests.
About 60 firefighters could lose their jobs as part of a Suffolk council's plans to cut its budget.
One in every 500 babies born in England is addicted to drugs, figures obtained by the BBC show.
Ulster have appointed Jono Gibbes as their new head coach for the 2017-18 season.
Germany's Michael Jung won individual eventing gold at the Rio 2016 Olympics in Brazil.
David Warner smashed the fastest Test century in Australia as the hosts drew the third Test against the West Indies in Sydney.
A charity has launched a guide to help communities deal with TV producers after the controversy surrounding Channel 4's Benefits Street.
The Liberal Democrats have accused Labour of ending 10 days of co-operation on Brexit legislation.
Andy Ruiz Jr will fight New Zealand's WBO number-one ranked heavyweight Joseph Parker on 10 December.
At least 10 Jewish community centres in the US have been targeted by bomb threats in the latest in a series of incidents.
A human rights commission has rejected the official version of events surrounding the disappearance of 43 Mexican students in September.
A plan to build 100 houses on the edge of a Highland village has been rejected by planners.
Police have used section 60 powers after a stabbing in Colchester which left three people injured.
Sergio Perez has signed a contract to race for Force India in 2017.
A 15-year-old girl who was pulled from the sea at a North East beach has died.
The number of incidents of dogs chasing farm animals has risen by more than 50% in the past year, Police Scotland has said.
The Liberal Democrat peer Lord Avebury has died at the age of 85.
The original Ghostbusters movie was released in 1984.
A 20-year-old man has admitted murdering a teacher who was found dead in a hotel room.
(Close): The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq both closed at record highs, as investors cheered President Trump's business-friendly policies.
A new £5 coin has been released to mark the first birthday of Prince George.
The chief constable of Northumbria Police is to retire after 12 years in the role.
Hundreds of people have attended a vigil in Cardiff to show solidarity with the 12 people killed in the Paris terror attacks.
The Bank of England is introducing a new polymer £5 note on Tuesday.
A factory capable of producing 1.5 million cigarettes a day was discovered in Birmingham, with a potential loss of £138m over three years.
Downton Abbey has been commissioned for a sixth series in 2015.
A 24-hour photographic competition has captured Bristol's skyline at its most dramatic.
The revamp of a Glasgow museum's building is to cost £66m, the city council has confirmed.
A river restoration project has seen 16 salmon return to a Cumbrian river for the first time in 50 years.
The influential conductor and musicologist Christopher Hogwood has died at the age of 71.
Airbus has halted production of its superjumbo A380 aircraft, saying it had no new orders for the plane.
A new £15m fund has been announced to boost the arts and culture sector in the north of England.
The highest amount of mortgage lending in a month since the financial crisis has been recorded in March, according to the UK's official figures.
More than 2,000 teaching assistants in County Durham are to be balloted for strike action over pay.
A Singapore museum is returning a 10th Century Indian sculpture to India after it was found to have been stolen.
An 18-year-old woman was shot dead while driving on a Pennsylvania highway on Monday, police say.
The inquest into the Shoreham air crash which killed 11 men has been delayed.
The 2019 Irish Open will be held at Ballyliffin in County Donegal.
A school has been forced to close after 26 pupils fell ill with a stomach bug.
A radio station which broadcast news and current affairs from Zimbabwe for 17 years has closed down.
Pakistan will play in the World Twenty20 in India next month, despite security concerns.
Former Peterborough United manager Chris Turner has died at the age of 59.
The former Australian art gallery director Betty Churcher has died in Melbourne, aged 84.
At least 57 prisoners have escaped from a jail in Papua New Guinea after overpowering guards and breaking through the main gate.
The Mexican actor and comedian Ruben Aguirre has died at the age of 82.
A search has begun for a man who went missing 15 years ago.
The double points rule introduced for the final race of 2014 will be scrapped next season.
British Swimming performance director Michael Scott has resigned following a review into the team's performance at the 2012 Olympics.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower, dragged down by shares in British Airways owner IAG.
Taylor Swift's new single Shake It Off will not be allowed in the Triple J Hottest 100.
Renault is considering pulling out of Formula 1, according to the company's chief executive.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended lower, with investors remaining cautious ahead of the UK's general election.
BBC Three has lost the rights to Family Guy.
Sir Paul McCartney and his wife Nancy Shevell have been named the richest musicians in the Sunday Times Rich List.
The former drug smuggler Howard Marks has died at the age of 70.
At least 18 people have been killed after a bus caught fire following a collision with a lorry in Germany.
Israel has postponed a vote on the construction of 492 new homes in east Jerusalem, following US criticism.
An 18-year-old boy has been sentenced to 12 years in a young offenders' institution for raping two girls.
A 92-year-old man's medals have been stolen from his home in Bristol.
The city of Eugene has defended its awarding of the 2021 World Athletics Championships, despite allegations of corruption.
Brunhilde Pomsel, the former secretary of Adolf Hitler's propaganda minister Joseph Goebbels, has died in Germany aged 106.
More than 40 people have been killed in two separate incidents in Iraq, officials say.
Chris and Gabby Adcock are targeting a first medal at the 2015 World Championships in Glasgow.
Russian police have detained 10 people suspected of belonging to the Japanese doomsday cult Aum Shinrikyo.
Germany's central bank is calling for the retirement age to be raised to 69.
US police have arrested 10 people during a new round of clashes over a controversial oil pipeline in North Dakota, bringing the total number of arrests to 0.
A man who attacked a 20-year-old woman in Margate has been jailed for six years.
The Rugby Players' Association has expressed "serious concerns" over the extension of the Premiership Rugby season to 10 months.
Vandals have smashed the windows of about 20 cars in a series of overnight attacks in Edinburgh.
A 10-year scheme to encourage people to cycle in Dumfries is to be scrapped.
A man has appeared in court charged with murdering a 50-year-old woman in Fife.
Online supermarket Ocado has reported its first annual pre-tax profit in more than 10 years.
Chris Gunter says Wales have a chance to end a history of near misses and qualify for Euro 2016.
Lewis Hamilton says he is not worried about his slow starts to the 2016 Formula 1 season.
A £10m EU-funded research centre is to be established in the north west of Northern Ireland.
A 40-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences in Crawley.
A Flintshire man who sexually abused a young girl over a 16-year period has been jailed for 10 years.
The Collins English Dictionary has named "binge-watch" as its word of 2015.
Great Britain's 39-strong squad for the World Cup in the United States has been named.
The only Battle of Britain Spitfire to be legally excavated in Ireland has been uncovered in County Monaghan.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong to mark 20 years since the handover from British to Chinese rule.
At least 120 people have been killed in a series of bomb attacks in the Syrian capital, Damascus.
The value of recycled materials has fallen by up to £400,000 in some Welsh councils.
Hampshire all-rounder Liam Dawson has been called up to the England Twenty20 squad for the first time.
The UK government has formally signed a deal to build the second new nuclear power plant in the UK in more than a decade.
The number of calls to a charity helpline for serving troops has risen by 90% in a year, it has been announced.
A soldier who served in Afghanistan 10 years ago is being treated for post-traumatic stress disorder.
The area of land in Colombia used to grow cocaine has increased by 50% in a year, according to the United Nations.
At least 100 people have been killed in a stampede at a Hindu temple in southern India, local police say.
A 693-year-old bridge has been uncovered as part of a regeneration project.
The Duke of Cambridge and Prince Harry have visited a garden at Kensington Palace created to mark 20 years since the death of their mother, Diana, Princess of Wales.
Former Wales midfielder David Vaughan has retired from international football with immediate effect, effective from 31 March 2016.
Jackie Collins, the author of the Hollywood Wives series, has died at the age of 77 after a six-year battle with breast cancer.
Chinese businessman Dr Tony Xia has agreed to pay £76m for his takeover of Aston Villa.
The chairman of a group which restored Cardigan Castle has resigned after more than 20 years in the role.
A free school with 500 primary school students in Birmingham has been rated "inadequate" by Ofsted.
Wind gusts of up to 70mph are expected to hit Wales as a weather system from the Azores moves in.
Plans for the £50m redevelopment of the former home of Stoke City Football Club have been announced.
BBC One's Claudia Winkleman is stepping down from the BBC's Film 2016 show after one series.
A computer that can automatically edit an 11-a-side football match down to the best bits is being developed.
India's hopes of a record-breaking run-chase were dashed as they were bowled out for 323 in Canberra.
French rider Pierre Rolland won the 19th stage of the Giro d'Italia as the overall standings remained unchanged.
Shimon Peres, the elder statesman of Israeli politics, has died aged 92.
A lifeboat crew has resigned in protest over the suspension of their coxswain, who says he was bullied.
Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone has signed a new three-year contract with the Spanish champions.
Austria will accept more than 37 migrants a year, the government has said, as it tries to limit the number of people crossing its borders.
Fifa presidential candidate Michel Platini is confident he will be able to stand in the election on 28 February.
A judge has ruled that airlines must pay compensation for flight delays under European law dating back to 2009.
It would take 28 years to get the Welsh rail network up to standard, the transport minister has been told.
British fugitives with links to organised crime are being sought in Spain, the National Crime Agency has said.
The redevelopment of Euston station for the HS2 project will take longer than planned, a Labour MP has said.
A Â£10m plan to turn a Belfast office building into a 700-bed student accommodation complex has been submitted to the city council.
A new route for a 20-mile (32km) stretch of the M4 through Newport would have a "significant" impact on protected wildlife sites, an inquiry has heard.
The draw for the second round of the FA Cup has been made, with the ties to be played in January.
David de Gea's move to Real Madrid has fallen through after the Spanish transfer deadline of 23:00 BST passed on Monday.
A collection of pram memorabilia has sold for £6,000 at auction.
The Frenchman who invented the Etch A Sketch drawing toy has died aged 86.
Chelsea will discover their last-16 opponents in the Europa League when the draw for the last 32 is made on Friday.
A town has welcomed back its first football team for 10 years with a match at a new stadium.
A man has admitted importing 50 prohibited weapons into the UK.
The UK's largest mobile operator, EE, has tested a network of drones and balloons to improve mobile coverage in rural areas.
Scientists have discovered a 500-year-old berry in a lump of coal that has been preserved for centuries.
A grandfather who murdered his baby granddaughter has been sentenced to life imprisonment for 20 years.
Roma captain Francesco Totti has signed a new contract with the Italian club that will keep him there until he is 36.
More than 84% of businesses in Northern Ireland are not planning to vote to leave the EU, a survey has found.
Sri Lanka great Kumar Sangakkara has been given a guard of honour in his final Test match against England.
A 91-year-old cyclist who was attempting to set a new national record has died after a crash.
The UK's oldest carnival is celebrating its 50th anniversary with a series of events in Leeds.
A gang has stolen 12 rare cups and saucers from a National Trust property.
An 86-year-old former MP is being investigated by police in Scotland over allegations of child sex abuse.
Samsung has reported a 8% fall in fourth quarter profit, missing analyst expectations.
A 95-year-old widower who called a radio show to say he felt lonely has been invited back to the studio to meet listeners.
A new vein of the rare mineral Blue John has been discovered in Derbyshire.
A man has been found guilty of murdering a 20-month-old boy in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
Northern Ireland-based building materials firm Northstone has reported a fall in turnover of??46m in 2012.
Regular exercise can help to keep the memory centre of the brain healthy in people in their 60s, a study suggests.
Three men have been jailed for people smuggling after 20 migrants were found hidden in a lorry.
The US government has closed an investigation into a fatal crash involving a Tesla Model S car using its Autopilot system.
Google has reported a 16% rise in profits, but investors were disappointed with the growth rate.
Coventry City boosted their play-off hopes with a win over 10-man Millwall at the Ricoh Arena.
Liverpool have appointed former England Under-19s boss Sean O'Driscoll as their new assistant manager.
The sister of a murdered teenager has spoken publicly for the first time about her loss, 20 years on.
The NHS will contribute £12m towards a new community hospital in Bridgwater, Somerset.
Ireland suffered a second defeat in their three-match Twenty20 series against Afghanistan in India.
Former Blackburn Rovers striker Jason Roberts will be in charge of the Championship club for their FA Cup third-round replay against Shrewsbury.
At least 30 people have been killed in a series of suicide attacks in Iraq, officials say.
Hitchcock allegedly tried to force himself on actress Tippi Hedren in the 1960s, she has claimed.
More than 100 cadets at the US Military Academy at West Point were injured in a pillow fight, officials say.
The funeral has been held of a former Barnsley FC goalkeeper who died in December 2016.
Manchester City striker Mario Balotelli has completed his £20m move to AC Milan.
A new sign-on system that uses pictures to unlock devices running Windows 8 has been proposed by Microsoft.
Scottish football has recorded its highest ever season ticket sales and attendances for the 2016-17 season.
Italy have appointed Torino boss Gian Piero Ventura as their new manager following Antonio Conte's move to Chelsea.
The mother of murdered toddler James Bulger has said she will never give up her fight for justice.
A driver has been caught doing 90mph on a 70mph stretch of motorway.
Three elderly men who tackled a burglar in their home have been given bravery awards.
Gareth Batty has been re-appointed Surrey captain for the 2017 season.
The actor Roy Dotrice, best known for playing the father of Game of Thrones star Peter Dinklage, has died at the age of 84.
A town which was once described as "a concrete jungle" is celebrating its 70th birthday.
A 16-year-old boy who killed a schoolboy in a fight has been given an extended sentence.
Tennis star Venus Williams is being investigated over a car crash that killed a 78-year-old man.
England women have named a 27-player squad for a training camp in Spain ahead of the European Championship.
Kevin Pietersen hit a six off every ball he faced as he smashed an unbeaten 100 for Dolphins in South Africa.
The Rugby World Cup 2015 has brought an estimated £43m of economic impact to Newcastle, according to organisers.
A rescue centre has found homes for 32 bearded dragons left at the centre by a man who could no longer care for them.
Wales is to share in £450,000 of funding to celebrate the UK-India Year of Culture 2017.
Plans for a £200m golf course in the Highlands have been opposed by four conservation charities.
Lancashire all-rounder Tom Smith has retired from cricket at the age of 28.
The rate of inflation in the UK rose to 0.3% in January, official figures show.
The Scottish government has published the final documents needed to begin work on a major improvement to the A9 at Berriedale Braes.
The first scheduled flight to Barra is to be marked with a celebration on the island's 80th anniversary.
The private funding for a new pedestrian garden bridge in London has been increased by £165m, it has been announced.
Marcus Trescothick's 49th first-class century was not enough to prevent Somerset from losing their first County Championship match of the season.
A feasibility study into a cable car system for Cardiff will be carried out within 30 days.
US researchers have created insulin-producing cells in the laboratory that could be used to treat type 1 diabetes.
An Irish priest who converted to Catholicism has been named among 39 people to be beatified by Pope Francis.
Italian police have arrested 13 people suspected of being part of a terrorist network linked to the Kurdistan community in northern Italy.
More than 20 bats have been rescued in Northern Ireland after a poor summer for the mammals.
Almost 200 jobs could be lost and services cut in Southampton as the council looks to save Â£30m.
A series of services is to be held to mark the 20th anniversary of the ordination of the first women priests in Wales.
A 24-year-old woman has been gang-raped in the northern Indian state of Himachal Pradesh, police say.
One of France's most famous World War Two Resistance heroes, Raymond Aubrac, has died aged 98.
Police in Nigeria have arrested 53 men suspected of engaging in homosexual acts in the commercial capital, Lagos.
A college bought 10-year season tickets to watch Manchester United play at Old Trafford, it has been revealed.
Stuart Broad took his 100th one-day international wicket as England beat Australia by 38 runs in the second ODI.
Germany's economy grew by 1.9% in 2016, according to preliminary figures.
A Turkish military jet has crashed in southern Turkey, killing the pilot on board, officials say.
Lancashire Police is set to cut a further £100m from its budget over the next four years, the force's chief constable has said.
A council has failed to claim £1m of insurance after a ban on live animal exports was overturned.
Livingston moved up to second place in League One after beating Airdrieonians.
Monty Python star Michael Palin is to be honoured with a Bafta fellowship at this year's TV awards on 10 May 2015.
Polish film director Andrzej Wajda has died aged 91, his wife has confirmed.
The stars of University Challenge 2017 are to present a new radio show.
Barclays has reported a third-quarter loss after setting aside £560m to settle legal claims and pay compensation.
A settlement dating back to 50BC has been discovered by students during an archaeological dig.
The US has indicted seven Iranian computer hackers accused of carrying out a series of cyber-attacks that cost US victims tens of millions of dollars.
At least 30 people have been killed in an attack by a US drone in north-western Pakistan, officials say.
An Iranian court has sentenced a US citizen to 10 years in prison for allegedly spying for the US, state media report.
A decision on whether to grant £6m of public funding to a new media centre in Carmarthen has been delayed.
Tom Daley won silver at the Fina Diving World Series in Kazan, Russia, as he continues his build-up to the 2016 Olympics.
Nathan Washington says he is still coming to terms with his meteoric rise to international football after scoring his first goal in his third appearance for Northern Ireland.
A jockey who was caught drink driving has been banned from the road for 18 months.
The British Racing Drivers' Club has abandoned plans to sell Silverstone, the home of Formula 1 racing in Britain.
The International Olympic Committee says it is open to discussions with North Korea about co-hosting the 2018 Winter Olympics.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a schoolgirl 52 years ago.
A music concert planned for 4 June in the south of Scotland has been cancelled because of poor ticket sales.
Glamorgan chief executive Hugh Morris says the county need to strengthen their fast bowling department to help their bid for promotion to Division One.
Bolivians have voted "No" in a 2017 referendum on whether President Evo Morales can run for a fourth term.
Hampshire boosted their T20 Blast quarter-final hopes with a comfortable home win over Glamorgan.
The introduction of "smart" technology on the M4 motorway could be approved by the government later this year.
The Welsh government has scrapped plans to create 24 marine conservation zones.
A former police officer has claimed a man wrongly jailed for the 1973 murder of a church caretaker was "completely innocent".
A man has been charged in connection with the death of a 16-year-old girl who died after taking a "legal high".
The Portuguese government has approved a law allowing Jews expelled more than 500 years ago to apply for citizenship.
A 10-year-old boy and his family were left stranded after an Air Canada flight was overbooked.
Northern Ireland 15-year-olds are among the happiest in the world, according to a new international study.
England spinner Danielle Hazell has been ruled out of the Women's World Twenty20 with a back injury.
Snowboarder Zoe Potter says she is aiming to qualify for the 2018 Winter Olympics in South Korea.
The Norwegian mass murderer Anders Behring Breivik has complained about his prison conditions, saying they are too cold and his food is not to his liking.
Just 24% of you got the top three at the British Grand Prix bang on.
The death toll from flash floods in Indonesia's West Papua province has reached 86, officials say.
A woman has told a court she decided to report being sexually abused by a man in 2017 because she could not live with the guilt of not making a complaint.
Junior doctors have voted to back a strike in a ballot that closes on 31 January.
The Queen has sent a message to well-wishers on her 90th birthday, saying she was "most grateful" for their good wishes.
Alliance Trust has announced a shake-up of its management team, following a 10% drop in its share price.
More than 20 million people in China could be exposed to unsafe levels of arsenic in their drinking water, according to a new study.
A protest against Liverpool City Council's budget cuts has seen 20 protesters arrested.
Boeing has unveiled a redesigned overhead luggage compartment for its 737 aircraft.
A total of 285 Syrian refugees have been resettled in Wales by the end of 2016, figures have shown.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg has said that the prison population in England and Wales is at an "unjustified" level of 85,000.
The operator of Southern rail paid out more than £100m in compensation for delays and cancellations last year, it has been revealed.
Johnnie Burton believes Lewis Macleod has the potential to become a £13m player.
US Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas has asked his first question during oral arguments in 10 years.
A by-election has been called for 6 April in the Scottish Borders after the MSP for the area stood down to fight a Westminster seat.
The Northern Ireland Assembly was established in 1998 under the Good Friday Agreement.
The head of Xbox has said the company's new console, the Xbox One X, "must deliver true 4K gaming and high-fidelity VR". But he also said he
South Wales-based brewery SA Brain is to open 50 coffee shops over the next three years.
Manchester City have signed defender Nicolas Otamendi from Spanish champions Barcelona on a four-year contract.
A man who murdered a Glasgow pensioner has been jailed for at least 13 years.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says some of his players are feeling the pressure of playing for the club.
A 15-year-old girl who was hit by a car and left on the street has been taken to hospital with serious injuries.
Up to 70 workers at a Lanarkshire audio equipment factory are facing redundancy.
Former pupils of a north Belfast school who were caught up in loyalist protests in 2001 are to receive compensation.
The copyright on Adolf Hitler's book Mein Kampf has expired 70 years after his death.
A military plane crash in Myanmar last month that killed 106 people was caused by ice on the wings, state media say.
Newsweek has published its final print edition after 80 years in print.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after a crash involving a car and a lorry on the M6.
International students studying in Scotland bring £260m a year to the economy, according to a new report.
A man was stabbed in the back during a fight at a gig by the band 2015 in Glasgow.
England and Serbia have been charged by Uefa following violent scenes after the Under-21s' play-off win in Serbia.
More than £24m is to be spent on improving town centres and creating new homes in south Wales.
China's coal consumption growth has slowed to its lowest level in 16 years, according to oil giant BP.
Nottinghamshire have re-signed Australia all-rounder Dan Christian for the T20 Blast.
Police investigating the murder of a teenager whose body was found in a canal 21 years ago have said they have a new DNA profile.
Japan's Nikkei share index closed down 1.2% on the day, despite a late rally.
The remains of sailors who died of disease on ships moored off the Kent coast in the 19th Century are being exposed by the sea.
A man who shone a laser pen at a police helicopter has been jailed for 14 months.
Northern Ireland has been officially named as host of the 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games.
Footfall in Borders town centres has been mixed over the past five years, according to new figures.
The first Atlantic hurricane of the year has formed in the Atlantic Ocean, US forecasters say.
England players could earn more than £1m each this season, according to the Rugby Players' Association.
The late singer Lonnie Donegan has been named as the biggest selling artist of the 1960s.
A 23-year-old man has been shot dead at a birthday party in Surrey.
A scheme which offered young people a discount on bus travel in Wales will continue until April 2017.
Former Open champion Paul Lawrie says he will have surgery on his foot in a bid to prolong his career at the age of 47.
A service has been held to mark Armistice Day and the 100th anniversary of the end of World War One.
American golfer Jason Bohn has suffered a heart attack during the second round of the 2015 PGA Tour event at the PGA National.
Oil prices have fallen to their lowest level in more than six years, dropping below $40 a barrel.
A man who led police on a 50-minute chase through West Sussex has been jailed.
At least 24 people have been killed in a shootout between rival drug gangs in Mexico.
Disney's 1990 animation The Lion King has been added to the US Library of Congress's National Film Registry.
At least 160 people have been killed after a church roof collapsed in the southern Nigerian city of Uyo, officials say.
Ireland were beaten by Afghanistan in the second one-day international in India despite chasing 339 to win.
Sam Vokes says Wales will take confidence from their recent performances in their must-win World Cup 2018 qualifier against the Republic of Ireland.
A 28-year-old woman has died in a flat in Aberdeen.
A hacker who targeted prominent US politicians has been sentenced to 20 months in prison.
Radio 1 DJ Greg James is to receive an honorary degree from the University of East Anglia (UEA) in 2011.
Gambling revenue in the Chinese territory of Macau hit a record in 2010, official figures show.
A steel firm has been fined more than £1m after flammable chemicals were released at its site in Scunthorpe.
The number of new whisky distilleries in Scotland has risen to 18, according to a new report.
London Luton Airport could be expanded to handle 30 million passengers a year, the BBC has learned.
A man who admitted sexually assaulting a 12-year-old girl has been jailed for two-and-a-half years.
Former Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has announced his retirement from coaching with immediate effect, effective from 2017.
Winds with gusts of up to 80mph hit north Wales on Friday.
The Oscar-winning film 12 Years a Slave has seen a surge in ticket sales and book sales following its best picture win at the 2014 Academy Awards.
The number of cases of syphilis in London has risen more than 160% in the past five years, figures show.
Airlines will be able to track planes anywhere in the world after a deal was reached to use satellite technology to locate missing flight MH370.
Sale have signed Wales and Lions scrum-half Mike Phillips on a contract until June 2016.
A £20m hydroelectric scheme in Conwy has been scrapped.
Ten members of a Cardiff-based gang who conspired to bring Class A drugs into Wales from the Midlands have been jailed.
A Â£200m science and technology development in Newcastle has been officially opened.
At least 18 people have been injured after two trains collided in Oakland, California, officials say.
Animal welfare charity the RSPCA has said it achieved a 100% conviction rate in Wales last year, up from 99% the year before.
The NHS has missed a key target for treating cancer patients in 2014.
The Football Association will donate £1m to the Grenfell Tower relief fund.
The Co-op Group has reported its first half-year profit since 2013, but has warned that it is unlikely to pay a dividend to members for several years.
The creator of India's famous Rock Garden, Nek Chand, has died aged 84, his family says.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is to meet Russian President Vladimir Putin for the first time in two years.
A set of stamps marking the 360th anniversary of the Great Fire of London has been unveiled.
Prince Harry has visited a remote village in Guyana, the first British royal to do so in 40 years.
The man who led the fundraising efforts for Swansea City's new stadium has died at the age of 88.
Sheffield United have released 18 players following their relegation from the Championship.
A court in Argentina has begun the trial of six former military officers accused of crimes in the 1980s.
Nine young Australian women have made it to Syria or Turkey to join Islamic State militants, police say.
The Welsh government has received £5m to compensate retired firefighters who were underpaid.
The US has named its first ambassador to Cuba in more than 50 years.
A man who killed his wife of 25 years after she planned to leave him has been found guilty of culpable homicide.
The number of cannabis farms discovered in the UK has risen by 50% in the last four years, according to police.
Hearts need to raise £6m to complete their Main Stand project, but the club is confident it can be achieved.
Ronald de Boer says Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers is "doing a great job" and deserves to reach the Europa League Round of 32.
Former Arbroath manager Paul Sheerin will have up to three games in hand over his League One rivals when he takes charge of Aberdeen Under-20s.
NFL star Troy Polamalu has retired from football at the age of 33.
A new 50m pool is to be built in Derby after the city's existing pool was closed due to safety concerns.
The UN has said it is considering publishing the names of up to 200 suspected war criminals in Syria.
Up to 500 people have attended protests in several parts of the country against the charging for water.
A database of 390 trees and shrubs that are suitable for urban environments has been created by scientists.
Russia have sacked coach Leonid Slutsky after their group-stage exit at Euro 2016.
A search of a canal for the remains of a murdered schoolgirl is to focus on more than 500ft of water.
More than 40% of teenagers check their mobile phones in the middle of the night, a new survey suggests.
A chef who tried to kill his colleague with a meat cleaver has been jailed for 20 years.
More than 500 staff at a Birmingham hospital have signed a petition calling for more parking spaces.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor Townsend says his side are confident they can reach a second successive Pro12 final.
West Bromwich Albion striker Saido Berahino has been banned from driving for 20 months after admitting drink-driving.
Venezuela's Supreme Court has ordered a second round of elections for the presidency to be held on 2 April.
More than 700 government employees have had their email addresses and passwords leaked online, a security firm has said.
British weightlifter Zoe Smith will compete at the European Championships in Norway from 26 March.
New rules on heading footballs will be introduced by the United States Soccer Federation by 2016.
Aberdeen-based Proserv has won two contracts worth more than £10m to supply control systems for North Sea oil and gas fields.
A US court has heard graphic details of the injuries suffered by victims of the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings.
The US has said it strongly opposes the release of 37 prisoners from Bagram jail in Afghanistan.
Five-time Olympic champion Sir Matthew Pinsent and six-time gold medallist Sir Chris Hoy will front the BBC's coverage of the 2016 Games in Rio.
A new Â£5m manufacturing facility is to be built in Brechin, creating 100 jobs.
An 86-year-old woman was in the house when a lorry crashed into it, fire crews have said.
Boyhood, which was shot over 12 years, has won the best film award from the New York Film Critics Circle for 2014.
A campaign against the closure of two schools in Gwynedd to make way for a new £10m school has been launched.
Jamie Roberts will play for Cambridge in the Varsity match against Oxford at Twickenham on 30 January.
Land Rover has confirmed that the Defender will be launched in 2015, 67 years after the first model was introduced.
A pool which has been in operation for more than 100 years is set to close.
Sam Billings was out for a duck as Kent took control against Essex after adding 4 runs to their overnight score.
Body cameras are to be deployed by police officers in Ceredigion and Carmarthenshire from next week at a cost of £500,000.
Donald Trump's campaign has been condemned by a number of individuals and organisations after 100 protesters disrupted his rally in Tucson, Arizona.
More than 100 pupils were sent home on the first day of school for not adhering to a strict uniform policy.
A US man has been sentenced to 15 years hard labour in North Korea for crimes against the state.
Average speed cameras are to be used on the M8 motorway in an attempt to improve safety during major roadworks.
A British student has been sentenced to 10 months in prison in the United Arab Emirates for possessing drugs.
The PGA Tour has been warned that it risks losing golf's Olympic status in 2016 if it does not tighten its anti-doping rules.
Australian police have released footage of the moment 100 police stormed a Sydney cafe to end a 17-hour siege last year.
A man who posted racist comments on Facebook about a murdered boy has been jailed for 12 months.
A shopping and leisure complex will have 154 more car parking spaces after plans were approved.
Greenhouse gas emissions in Scotland fell in 2015, meeting a key target for 2020 a year early.
Manchester City have made a £15m bid for West Bromwich Albion defender Jonny Evans.
More than 1,000 youth support workers and work-based learning practitioners are to be registered as professionals.
Insurance firm Royal Sun Alliance is to close its Birmingham office with the loss of 190 jobs.
Gemma Arterton is in talks to star in a musical version of 2010 film Made in Dagenham.
Two men have been jailed for stealing more than 200 sheep and selling them on.
The Orange Order has said it will not allow a repeat of last year's rioting on 12 July.
Real Madrid are cooperating with Fifa after the governing body requested information on 51 players.
Hibernian midfielder Scott Commons says he is not thinking about his future beyond his initial 15-day loan deal.
The BBC has extended its deal to show the Six Nations rugby tournament until 2017.
England and Scotland will let their players wear poppies on their shirts in their 2017 World Cup qualifier against Slovakia.
A science centre which receives Welsh Government funding will be able to continue until 2021.
Billie Piper and David Tennant will appear in Doctor Who's 50th anniversary special, the BBC has confirmed.
Middlesex have re-signed New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum for the first nine T20 Blast games of the summer.
(Close): Wall Street ended the year lower, with oil prices ending 2015 down 30%.
Tesco has sold its struggling Fresh & Easy business to US investment firm Yucaipa for £80m.
A wildlife charity has rescued more than 25 birds since the beginning of the year after they became entangled in discarded fishing equipment.
A village has raised more than £300,000 to buy a pub and is now looking for a new landlord to run it for the community.
Anna Christian and Mel Lowther will represent Great Britain at the U23 European Road Championships in Denmark next month.
More than 50 soccer officials have been arrested in Italy in an investigation into match-fixing.
More than 1,200 inmates at a Cheshire prison are feeling unsafe, a report has said.
Forest Green Rovers moved up to third in the National League after a late winner against Cheltenham Town.
The name Boaty McBoatface is currently in the lead in a poll to name a new polar research ship.
A bubble tea chain has changed its policy after it was criticised for offering a 12-day unpaid trial period to potential staff.
A 23-year-old man has been arrested by police investigating phone hacking at the News of the World.
A 19th Century windmill has been restored to working order after a long period of disuse.
The BBC has announced it will broadcast the Women's World Cup semi-finals and final in Canada this summer.
Officials in a Florida county have moved a polling place out of a mosque after complaints from a group of 40,000 Muslims.
Three car bombs have exploded in the Yemeni city of Aden, killing at least 42 people, officials say.
Iran has elected a record number of women to its 290-seat parliament, state media report.
A 10-year-old boy has been hailed a hero after waking his mother and sister when their house caught fire.
A 16-year-old student has been arrested after a teacher was stabbed at a school in Bradford.
A landslide in Colombia has killed at least 68 people and left dozens missing, officials say.
Gwen Ifill, a prominent US journalist and political commentator, has died at the age of 61.
UKIP is confident it can win seven seats at next year's assembly election if it can repeat its general election performance in Wales.
More than 100 baby eels have been spotted for the first time in eight years in Norfolk rivers.
A 24-year-old firefighter has been sacked after an investigation into the death of a woman in a house fire.
Jenson Button will step away from Formula 1 at the end of the 2017 season.
Former Conservative cabinet minister Lord Waddington has died at the age of 78.
GoPro is cutting 300 jobs as it tries to turn around its fortunes.
Yemen's main rebel group has released the chief of staff of President Abdabbuh Mansour Hadi, who had been held hostage for 18 months.
North Korea is holding its latest local elections on Sunday, 2017.
Four-time Isle of Man TT winner Ian Hutchinson has said he will not race for Honda in 2017.
A packaging firm has blamed the 5p plastic bag charge for the loss of more than 40 jobs.
Consumer confidence in the UK has fallen to its lowest level for 22 years, according to a survey.
A man who failed to help his friend after he killed a 17-year-old pedestrian has been jailed.
Three-time Paralympic champion Lucy O'Brien Brown says she will not switch disciplines to compete at Rio 2016.
Cardiff Blues remain top of the Pro12 after a hard-fought win over French side Pau at Cardiff Arms Park.
A 20mph speed limit is to be introduced in Edinburgh.
The FTSE 100 has closed up, but the index's only female chief executive, Carolyn McCall, has seen profits fall at Easyjet.
A Victorian theatre which was built in 1894 is to be auctioned after the council failed to establish who owns it.
A 76-year-old woman has been killed in a fire at a house in Kilmarnock.
Edinburgh will host the 2017 European Champions Cup final, European Professional Club Rugby has announced.
Tottenham have completed the £26m signing of Spain striker Roberto Soldado from Valencia.
A woman with learning disabilities who has had 10 pregnancies has been granted a court order to prevent her having any more.
A Â£30m project to rebuild a National Trust mansion destroyed by fire has shortlisted six teams.
An exhibition is being held to mark 50 years since the last train left a Nottingham railway station.
A postcard sent from Spain has arrived at its destination in Swansea - 29 years late.
Manchester has been operating under a 20mph speed limit since 2014 but the number of accidents has not fallen as quickly as hoped.
A man who escaped from court 40 years ago after being charged with possessing a huge cache of weapons has been jailed for 12 months.
A college in Shrewsbury has proposed 76 job losses as part of a bid to cut costs.
A man who spent 25 years in prison for murder has been cleared of the crime.
More than 200 Edinburgh businesses have been caught illegally dumping waste in communal bins, the City of Edinburgh Council has said.
Former MP Lord Rix has changed his mind on assisted dying after being diagnosed with terminal cancer at the age of 86.
A former homeless man who has helped others in similar situations has been honoured in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
India completed a 304-run series victory over Sri Lanka with a crushing win in the second Test in Colombo.
The Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) plans to invest £250m in improving tennis facilities across the UK.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game at the 2014 Fifa World Cup.
The UK music industry's revenues rose for the first time in 10 years in 2016, according to the British Phonographic Industry (BPI).
Two men have died following a crash on the A713 in Dumfries and Galloway.
Boyd Rankin will return to play for Ireland in 2016 after ending his brief spell with England.
The new county cricket schedule for 2018 has been described as "a massive improvement" by BBC Sport's county cricket expert Kevin Howells.
Leeds Rhinos have estimated the damage caused by the Boxing Day floods will cost them £1m.
At least 10 people have been killed in a fire at a factory in Bangladesh, officials say.
Liverpool-born artist John Simpson has won the John Moores Painting Prize for the first time in its 59-year history.
People who nap for more than an hour a day are more likely to develop type-2 diabetes, a study suggests.
A man who drove hundreds of miles to help people stranded in Manchester after the Arena 22 bombing has said he was "shocked" by the attack.
Police investigating an attack on officers in west Belfast have found 16 petrol bombs in a nearby street.
Scotland's Laura Muir will compete in the 1500m at Rio 2016 after being named in the Great Britain athletics team.
Police in the western Indian state of Maharashtra have found 13 aborted female foetuses in a pit.
A man who made a hoax bomb threat against a hospital has been jailed after a jury found him guilty of the offence.
The world is more vulnerable to a repeat of the 2007-2008 global food crisis than it was 10 years ago, a report says.
A door featuring a portrait of a former shopkeeper is to be put on public display for the first time in 32 years.
Former world team pursuit champion Elinor King says she could target the event at the 2018 Commonwealth Games in Australia.
An extra £1m is to be spent on autism assessments in Northern Ireland.
An attack on a football team in Iraq has killed at least 35 people, officials say.
Saudi Arabia has unveiled plans for a $500bn tourist resort on the Red Sea.
A 16th Century hall has been severely damaged by fire.
An Indian court has refused to allow two Italian marines to go home for Christmas after they killed two Indian fishermen in 2012.
Tributes to the late Muhammad Ali have been flooding Twitter since news of his death at the age of 74 broke.
A barracks in Powys which has been in operation for 150 years is to close, the Ministry of Defence has announced.
More than 100 skeletons have been found in a cemetery in Peterborough.
Featherstone earned their first Challenge Cup quarter-final by beating Halifax.
The inquest into the murder of 10 Protestant workmen in Northern Ireland 40 years ago has been further delayed.
A vital component has been recreated to allow visitors to see a World War Two German cipher machine in action.
England's Matt Fitzpatrick maintained his 12-shot lead at the halfway stage of the European Tour's British Masters.
Carissa Yee is 10 years old.
England manager Roy Hodgson says he will not select Andy Carroll based on his recent form alone after his goal drought since October 2013.
Bob the Builder is to return for a 17th year of entertaining children.
Police in Zambia have arrested more than 100 Chinese nationals suspected of illegal mining activities.
Archaeologists have discovered the foundations of an 11th Century castle during work at Auckland Castle.
A £1bn project to transform Dundee's waterfront has reached another milestone with the award of three contracts.
An Israeli Arab gunman from the northern West Bank district of Tulkarem, who was killed by police, has been identified as the suspect in a deadly shooting in Tel Aviv.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower after Paddy Power Betfair reported a loss and analysts said the company's performance was "disappointing".
Women born in the 1950s who have lost out on their pensions have been described as "victims" of a "shameful" government.
A £10m National Lottery grant has been awarded to restore a university building in Ceredigion.
Notts County have named a new board of directors who will be in place within 30 days.
A 1,200 project to harness tidal power in Swansea Bay could be in jeopardy, a Labour MP has warned.
A major motoring festival has been cancelled for 2015 because of a lack of funding.
The first full trailer for the 24th James Bond film has been released.
A crisp factory in County Durham is to close with the loss of 378 jobs, the firm has confirmed.
A £8m project to build a surfing centre in Conwy county has been given the go-ahead by the Welsh government.
Blink 182 guitarist Tom DeLonge has denied he has quit the pop-punk band.
Three men armed with a gun and a crowbar have robbed a cash-in-transit van in Glasgow city centre of about £50,000.
Former Wales striker Dean Saunders expects his airport parking bill to rise to £1,000 if his country win Euro 2016.
Wales lock Alun Wyn Jones is to join Bath from French club Racing 92 in July 2015.
A Scottish government pension fund has agreed to invest £30m in building 300 new social housing properties in the central belt.
A man who spent 15 years in Pakistani prisons has been reunited with his family in Bangladesh.
Irish animal welfare groups have rescued 50 puppies they believe were being smuggled into Wales.
Butterflies could be among the first victims of climate change, with half of species surviving in the UK under a 50% reduction in habitat.
A non-emergency 111 phone line is at risk of compromising patient safety, a health watchdog has said.
A man who charged his victims £500 on top of every £1,000 he loaned them has been given a 12-month suspended jail term.
Antonio Conte has been appointed as the new coach of the Italian national team.
Coca-Cola has reported a fall in first quarter profits, as the company struggles with a strong dollar and weak demand in Europe.
Hollywood actor George Clooney has surprised a 92-year-old woman with a birthday visit.
More than 100 doctors have signed a letter saying the NHS is "withering away" under the coalition government.
Archaeologists have uncovered the remains of a 16th Century defensive wall at Edinburgh Castle.
Dean Keates has been appointed Wrexham manager on a permanent basis after being in charge of the club for 10 games.
The government has said it will create 1,500 new medical school places in England by 2020.
The total opium crop in Afghanistan has increased by 43% this year, according to the UN.
A battle at an airbase in Libya's western city of Misrata has left at least 140 people dead, officials say.
Girls as young as 10 are forced to marry in 100 countries, according to a report by Save the Children.
The M1 was closed for about 20 minutes during an emergency landing at an airport.
The Boston Globe drama Spotlight has been named best film of 2015 by the New York Film Critics Circle.
I have been collecting matchboxes for more than 20 years and my collection is now more than 50,000.
Michael Conlan will be part of his 10th consecutive world title fight when he takes on Mexico's Enrique 'El Chocolatito' Rosas.
New Zealand's oldest pelican has died at the age of 30, his zoo has said.
Former ice hockey player Gordie Howe has died at the age of 88, his family has confirmed.
A US legal services company is to create almost 100 jobs in Belfast.
A woman who has been selling poppies for more than 75 years has said she will not be doing it again this year.
Yorkshire are interested in hosting a day-night Championship match on 25 August.
A plan to build 510 homes on a former coalfield has been rejected by the government.
Charlton Athletic have reappointed Jose Riga as head coach, 18 months after he left the Championship club in 2014.
The US economy grew at a slower pace than expected in the final three months of 2014, according to the latest official figures.
General Motors (GM) will stop selling cars in India from the end of 2017, the firm has announced.
More than 100 pilot whales are still stranded and being rescued in New Zealand, despite efforts to save them.
Liam Livingstone has been named in England's squad for the three-match Twenty20 series against South Africa.
A hospital is investigating after 48 patients had complications following eye surgery in a mobile theatre.
A lorry driver has been arrested after a coach and a lorry crashed on the A34 in Oxfordshire.
A Â£69m proposal to upgrade the A27 in West Sussex has been criticised by two councils.
A proposal to reduce parking fines in Northern Ireland from £90 to £45 has been rejected by MLAs.
Elvis Presley's friend and former road manager Joe Esposito has died at the age of 81.
Hampshire captain James Vince says he is relishing the chance to play in the World Twenty20 in India.
Up to 100 new train driver jobs are to be created by ScotRail.
A study is being carried out to find out if people born in Aberdeen in the 1950s are more likely to develop cancer.
Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli has announced her retirement from tennis, aged 28, after a 47-year wait for a Grand Slam title.
Formula 1 teams have agreed that the new elimination-style qualifying format is not working and should be scrapped.
Southampton have signed Norwich City winger Nathan Redmond for £9m.
Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino says there is no price for striker Harry Kane after his 27-goal year.
The number of confirmed cases of measles in south west Wales has risen to more than 200.
A decision on the future of Perth's 1910 Concert Hall could be made as early as next month.
Police have launched a murder investigation after a 33-year-old man was killed in a flat in Glasgow.
An exhibition has been held to mark 20 years since the closure of Ipswich's airport.
British soldiers spent less than half their time at the front or fighting during World War One, research suggests.
Two Conservative AMs have been involved in an online row over the M4 relief road.
Charlton Athletic have launched an investigation into an allegation of historical child abuse by a coach in 1986.
A 16-year-old boy who died after an apparent assault at a birthday party has been named.
Luke MacKenzie has left the British gymnastics set-up in a bid to become the first South African to compete at the Olympics since 1960.