A project to record medieval graffiti in Norfolk churches has uncovered more than 1,000 examples in 18 months.
A 10-year-old boy is fighting for his life in hospital after being set on fire by a classmate in Texas.
A man has admitted being part of a plot to smuggle £100m worth of cocaine into the UK.
Rihanna has cancelled her concert in Nice following the attack on the city that left at least 84 people dead.
Former Liverpool FC manager Kenny Dalglish has been awarded the freedom of the city of Liverpool.
British athletes will be aiming to defend their titles at the World Indoor Championships in Portland, Oregon, on 17-20 March.
Leigh Centurions have signed Australian half-back Daniel Mortimer on a deal until the end of the 2016 season.
A court in Somalia has sentenced 100 foreigners to be deported for overstaying their visas.
Monsoon rains have killed at least 100 people in South Asia in the past week.
Tiger Woods has dropped to his lowest world ranking since 1996 after failing to play for more than a month.
Guernsey's volleyball players are disappointed that their sport has been dropped from the 2021 Island Games.
Luis Suarez will return to Anfield for the first time since leaving Liverpool to play for Barcelona in 2014.
At least 27 people have been killed and dozens injured in a train derailment in Burma, officials say.
Facebook has been ordered to stop using a cookie that tracks the activities of non-members of the social network.
South Africa's Western Cape province has declared a disaster as a result of the drought that has hit the country.
Shares in Glencore have fallen another 10% after a warning that the mining giant could be worthless if metal prices continue to fall.
Motorists are being warned of delays on the M1 in Derbyshire over the August Bank Holiday weekend.
A hospital trust has been ordered to pay Â£10m to a girl who suffered brain damage after being discharged from hospital 10 days after birth.
Harry Kane will miss the European Under-21 Championship in the Czech Republic to focus on his club career with Tottenham.
Kent opener Robert Key has announced his retirement from cricket at the end of the 2014 season.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a 17-year-old drug dealer in Gloucester.
Pope Francis has paid tribute to the victims of the 1994 bomb attack on a Jewish centre in Buenos Aires.
Michael Phelps says he will not compete at the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo, despite winning his 23rd gold medal.
A 15-month-old boy has lost the sight in one eye after a drone crashed into it in his garden.
Guns N' Roses have announced their first European tour in 20 years, including a date at London's Olympic Stadium.
Wales Ladies secured a first point in their 2017 Euro qualifying campaign with a goalless draw against Austria.
The first part of Peter Jackson's The Hobbit trilogy will have its world premiere in the New Zealand city of Wellington.
The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 has topped the UK box office in its opening weekend.
Police investigating the murder of a man in Belfast 14 years ago have said they believe the killer or killers are still in the area.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) is to cut 443 jobs in the UK and move them to India.
The Honduran government has suspended eight consuls in the US over allegations that they were selling fake IDs to Honduran expatriates.
India's new government will present its first full budget on 10 July, the finance ministry has said.
The cost of car insurance has risen by 16% in the past year, according to research by a comparison website.
A man has been found guilty of owning a banned dog after his pet killed a 10-month-old baby.
Los Angeles has officially launched its bid to host the 2024 Summer Olympics.
The founder of a children's hospice in Wales has died at the age of 64.
Linen and laundry firm Fishers has opened a £10m facility in North Lanarkshire.
Drayton Manor theme park is to reopen on Saturday, 13 days after a 11-year-old girl died on one of its rides.
The last words spoken by the pilot of missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 were "all right, good night", officials have said.
Tyrone will face Derry in the Ulster SFC quarter-finals in 2017.
A South Yorkshire steel firm has won a £10m contract to supply parts for US Navy submarines.
A 70-year-old cancer survivor has become the oldest person to walk to the South Pole unsupported.
The number of people living with cancer in Scotland has increased by 17% in the last five years, according to a charity.
A pensioner who sexually abused four young girls over a 22-year period has been jailed for 18 months.
Sam Smith has become the first artist to spend six weeks at number one with a debut album in 2015.
Former Glamorgan coach and player John Derrick has died at the age of 55 after a long illness.
Walsall moved up to second in League One with a first away win of the season against Peterborough.
The FA Cup third round is upon us, with 24 Premier League teams joining the 40 sides from the lower divisions.
The number of stray dogs being put to sleep in Northern Ireland has fallen by 32% in the last year.
A woman's body was found in a garden 12 years after she went missing, a court has heard.
A dog that had been missing for 12 days has been rescued from a gorge in the Highlands.
Two women who claimed benefits for a dead man have been jailed for a total of 10 years.
A man who has been jailed 10 times for swearing in public has been told he could spend the rest of his life in prison.
India has signed a deal to buy 36 Rafale fighter jets from France, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced.
Chariots of Fire is to be re-released in cinemas to mark the 30th anniversary of its Oscar-winning success.
Microsoft is considering making a bid for Yahoo, according to reports.
Cuban authorities say they have found the black box of a plane that crashed in the central part of the island on Thursday, killing 68 people.
The Great Gatsby has overtaken The Great Hangover to become the biggest opening weekend of the year so far.
China has sent a fleet of 10 ships to waters near disputed islands in the East China Sea, Japanese officials say.
Chinese authorities say they have arrested five suspects after a car attack in the Xinjiang region that killed 39 people.
Taylor Swift has been accused of stealing a fox drawing from a fan's online store and using it to promote her latest album.
Sussex fast bowler Matthew Hobden has died at the age of 21.
The barcode is celebrating its 60th birthday - but it took 22 years to make its first appearance in a US supermarket.
A racing driver who was seriously injured in a crash has been discharged from hospital.
A leading economic research institute is to be expanded with a £1m investment from the University of Strathclyde.
Ulster have named a strong side for Friday's Pro12 trip to Cardiff Blues with Robbie Diack and Luke Marshall returning.
A housing association is waiting up to 13 weeks for permission to rectify building errors on a £4m development.
Ticket touts are being turned away from Harry Potter and the Cursed Child after selling their tickets for up to £6,200.
Olympic champion Hannah Mills is considering her future in sailing after winning gold in Rio.
A cup used by Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn to drink water has been sold on eBay for £51.
The London mayoral election campaign is now in full swing and transport is a key battleground.
Labour MP Grahame Morris has announced he will not stand for re-election at the general election on 8 June.
(Close): The FTSE 100 recovered some of its recent losses as investors digested the latest polls ahead of the EU referendum.
A former soldier who lost his sight in an Afghanistan bomb blast is aiming to compete at the 2016 Rio Olympics.
Haiti has announced plans to recruit a new army for the first time since 1995.
A 17-year-old boy has been jailed for 12 years for stabbing a man in the head in a drug deal gone wrong.
Great Britain's Mo Farah won his third gold of Rio 2016 to take his Olympic tally to four.
A private healthcare company is charging Â£1,500 for a week's work experience to help students apply to medical school.
Ireland have appointed former Sri Lanka fast bowler Chaminda Vaas as their bowling coach for the World T20 in India.
Liberia has reported its first case of Ebola since 9 January, when the country was declared free of the disease.
A former Scout leader has been jailed for 12 years for sexually abusing boys over a 40-year period.
A former World War Two prisoner of war has died aged 100.
Historians have identified 20 descendants of Leonardo da Vinci, 500 years after his death.
The number of soldiers injured during live firing exercises at Otterburn Training Area has risen by 70% in a year.
A man who murdered his father with 26 stab wounds has been jailed for life.
David Florence won his first individual world title for five years as he triumphed in the men's canoe slalom C1 at the 2017 World Championships
The head of a Catholic multi-academy trust has been suspended after a damning Ofsted report.
Sir Stirling Moss has been discharged from hospital in London after a month-long stay.
Lancashire Police has announced plans to save a further £20m over the next two years.
A 13-year-old girl has been hailed a "rockstar" after she helped deliver her baby brother in a North Carolina hospital.
Radio 4's Saturday Review will be saved from the axe - for now.
The Oscars ceremony has been the most tweeted about event in the history of the social media site, according to Twitter.
Wales could face a tougher World Cup pool in 2019 if they fail to beat Ireland and France in the Six Nations.
US President Donald Trump has held a fundraising event for his 2020 re-election campaign at his Washington hotel.
Hampshire captain James Vince helped his side to a strong position in their County Championship match against Sussex at Hove.
Britain's Stephen Milne won a silver medal in the men's 1500m freestyle at the World Championships in Kazan.
Hewlett Packard Enterprise has unveiled a prototype of a supercomputer it says could be used to analyse big data.
Scotland goes to the polls on Thursday to elect 59 MPs to represent the country in the House of Commons.
A plan to turn Swansea's Kingsway into a one-way street has been criticised by the city's opposition.
A charity has won a £1m inheritance after a judge ruled a scientist had confused the British Isles with the UK.
The spread of Ebola to the capital of Guinea is a "worrisome" development, aid workers say.
The quality of water at 17 Scottish beaches has been rated as "poor" under new European standards.
At least 42 people have died in China after being stung by hornets, officials say.
Zebre have denied reports they are in talks with the Pro12 about leaving the Italian Rugby Championship.
One person has died and another is in a critical condition after a crash on the A34 in Berkshire.
The number of people being sent bailiffs to collect Council Tax debts has risen by 16% in the last two years, according to new research.
Dwain Chambers' team-mate Harry Aikines-Aryeetey will replace Richard Kilty in the 60m at the World Indoor Championships
Seven men have gone on trial accused of sexually abusing girls as young as 12 in Bristol and London.
The Scottish government has said it is "disappointed" that a £10bn investment deal with China has collapsed.
Everyone carries about 400 genetic mutations that could cause disease, say scientists.
Floodwaters have peaked in the Australian city of Rockhampton, nine days after Cyclone Debbie hit the coast.
A woman who stabbed her 71-year-old partner to death has been jailed for life with a minimum term of 20 years.
More than 150 organisations have backed Australian Football League star Adam Goodes, who has been booed by fans at games this year.
A family has returned home for the first time in a year after a sinkhole appeared under their road.
The Northern Ireland government is to hold an emergency meeting to discuss the recent spate of road deaths.
The chief constable of Gloucestershire Police has said he is not worried about the financial future of the force.
Solihull Council has approved plans for 31 new traveller pitches across the borough.
About 100 homes are still without gas after a water leak flooded pipes in a village.
Two senior Welsh Labour AMs have announced they will not be seeking re-election in 2016.
The pace of recovery in the Scottish economy slowed in the final quarter of 2015, according to the latest Scottish Business Monitor.
More than 100 children under the age of 18 were able to buy knives in London, a new investigation has found.
Dance music star Robert Miles has died at the age of 47, his record label has announced.
Indian rescuers are searching for survivors in the rubble of a building that collapsed in the southern city of Chennai, killing at least 37 people.
Jack and Emily have topped the list of the most popular baby names in Northern Ireland for 2014.
A 14-year-old girl who killed herself was not bullied online, an inquest has heard.
A £25m restoration project at Canterbury Cathedral has been given the go-ahead.
The number of new businesses being set up in Wales has fallen by 27% in the last five years, according to new figures.
A school has defended sending home 100 girls for wearing skirts that were too short.
A stuntwoman who was working on the set of Deadpool 2 has died after falling from a motorcycle.
At least 20 people have been killed in a suicide attack in northern Afghanistan, officials say.
At least 55 people have died in a road accident in Ghana, officials say.
Paul Lawrie and Marc Warren are the only Scots to make the cut at the Alfred Dunhill Links Championship in St Andrews.
The Irish government has announced plans to sell a 25% stake in Allied Irish Banks (AIB) in June.
Ariana Grande has cancelled two concerts in London this week as a mark of respect following the Manchester bombing.
A property valuation report for 17 homes on the route of HS2 has been lost by a contractor working for the high-speed rail project.
Glasgow has been chosen as one of 13 host cities for the 2020 European Championship.
Former Irish foreign minister Peter Barry has died at the age of 81.
The Philippines' former senator Miriam Defensor Santiago has died at the age of 71.
A rail operator has blamed "infrastructure problems" for delays that left thousands of commuters stranded.
The number of people who have been victims of identity fraud in the UK has risen by 60% in a year, according to a fraud prevention service.
Miles Jupp is to take over as host of BBC Radio 4's The News Quiz from Sandi Toksvig.
The number of serious further offences committed by people under supervision for sexual or violent crimes has risen by 27%, official figures show.
The turnout for the 2017 Northern Ireland Assembly election is expected to be higher than the 55% recorded in May 2016.
More than £2m of cuts to adult social care services in Southampton have been approved by the city council.
A collection of 13 rare Bob Marley tapes has been restored and released to mark what would have been his 72nd birthday.
Indian anti-corruption campaigner Anna Hazare has ended his 12-day hunger strike after the government agreed to his demands.
A giant black hole at the centre of a nearby galaxy has gone to sleep, astronomers have found.
Janitors in Glasgow are to begin a 24-hour strike on 18 April in a dispute over pay.
Scottish soul singer Alistair Griffin Diamond has died at the age of 63.
Scotland has had its wettest winter on record, according to the Met Office.
A black cab driver who sexually assaulted two women in the back of his taxi has been jailed for 10 years.
Rory McIlroy won the Deutsche Bank Championship to claim his first PGA Tour victory in 18 months.
Alastair Cook has stepped down as England Test captain after five years in charge, with the first Test against Sri Lanka starting on 14 June.
Joe Medicine Crow, the last surviving war chief of the Crow tribe, has died at the age of 102.
Manchester United have signed England Under-21 international Luke Shaw from Southampton for a fee that could rise to £31m.
A World War Two veteran who survived the atomic bomb dropped on Nagasaki has died aged 97.
The government has announced plans to introduce an individual electoral register by 2014.
The chairman and chief executive of 7-Eleven Australia have resigned following allegations that hundreds of its franchisees underpaid workers.
BBC Radio 2 has announced that Don McLean and The Dubliners will be honoured at this year's Folk Awards.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed up 0.4% as the services sector PMI for March came in higher than expected.
A vicar has held a Christmas service for pets in a Dorset church.
The number of people needing long-term care is set to double by 2030, according to a report.
The Africa Cup of Nations will be played in June and July from 2019, African football's governing body Caf has announced.
The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) has said it will investigate the proposed merger of mobile operators O2 and Three.
A 90-year-old man has been left "devastated" after being charged £160 for spending extra time at his wife's grave.
A Florida prosecutor has been stripped of 22 murder cases after she said she would not seek the death penalty for a man accused of killing a police officer.
A new tax collection body will be set up in Wales from April 2018, the Welsh government has announced.
The US has agreed to buy 32 tonnes of heavy water from Iran, in a move that could ease tensions between the two countries.
A 15-year-old girl who went missing after a night out with friends has been found dead.
Guernsey's mountain bikers will be able to compete at the 2019 Island Games after the sport was reinstated.
Valentine's Day is celebrated on 14 February every year.
A man who was shot dead by police after a 12-hour stand-off was charged with false imprisonment the day before, it has emerged.
A 15-year-old boy who stabbed a man in west London has been given a custodial sentence.
A fire at a nightclub in Preston has left 30 staff homeless, the bar chain has said.
Sammy Watt says he wants to be back in the Scotland squad for the 2018 World Cup qualifiers.
Sport climbing is set to become an Olympic sport for the first time at the 2020 Games in Tokyo.
The IPCC has launched an investigation into 10 South Yorkshire Police officers over their handling of child sexual exploitation.
McLaren are not "not focused" on improving their form in Formula 1, says team chairman Ron Dennis.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone says the new qualifying system for 2016 will not be ready for the start of the season.
Liverpool have agreed a £29m deal to sign Hoffenheim striker Roberto Firmino.
A textile company is to create 20 new jobs after securing funding for a major expansion.
Irish voters are going to the polls to elect the 32nd Dáil (parliament) of the Republic of Ireland.
The amount of spam sent to people's inboxes has fallen to its lowest level in 12 years, according to security firm Symantec.
Salford Red Devils have criticised the Rugby Football League for not taking action against Huddersfield's Danny Brough.
Microsoft has restricted the ability of Windows 10 Pro users to download apps from the Windows Store.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens has won three awards at the 2016 MTV Movie Awards.
A man has been charged with firearms offences following the death of a man in a police shooting on the M62.
Girls are being urged to take part in a campaign to end sexual harassment in schools.
A man who was cleared of rape after a 10-year legal battle has said he has no life because of a sex offender order.
Two people have been killed and more than 40 injured after an Amtrak train derailed in Pennsylvania, US officials say.
China has announced it will close its domestic ivory market by the end of 2017.
A woman has denied murdering a 90-year-old blind woman in her Fife home.
Two 13-year-olds have been charged with the murder of a woman and her daughter in Lincolnshire.
Woking held on to beat Eastleigh and move further clear of the National League relegation zone.
A 14-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with raping a 12-year-old girl.
Karen Danczuk has announced she is standing to be Labour's candidate in the 2017 general election.
The co-creator of The Simpsons, Sam Simon, has died at the age of 59.
Coldplay have announced their seventh album, A Head Full of Dreams, will be released on 4 December.
The trial of Ibrahim Halawa, an Irish citizen being held in Egypt, has been postponed for the 18th time.
A 40-year-old man has been arrested after police recovered cannabis plants from a house in Falkirk.
Paul Hollywood has said he is "really excited" about The Great British Bake Off moving to Channel 4.
Glamorgan batsman Aneurin Donald says the county can go all the way in the T20 Blast.
The final flight of a 40-year-old Trislander plane has been marked with a water salute and a red-nosed penguin.
A man who was given a 10-year Sexual Risk Order (SRO) after being cleared of rape has said he is homeless and penniless.
More than 40 firefighters have been tackling a large fire at a recycling plant in Newry.
A man arrested in England over the murder of a Co Armagh man 18 years ago has been charged with kidnap.
More than 100 cases of a stomach bug have been reported in the South West, health officials have said.
Chinese authorities have detained 18 people in connection with an investigation into Crown Resorts, an Australian casino operator.
Thailand has transferred more than 50 police officers as part of a crackdown on human trafficking.
At least 14 people have been killed in China after Typhoon Soudelor made landfall in the east of the country.
More than 100 European students have withdrawn their applications to study at Aberystwyth University following the Brexit vote.
The 19th Century author Sir Walter Scott was a keen forager, according to his journal entries.
William Dunlop and Derek Sheils were the big winners at the Cookstown 100 on Sunday.
Valentino Rossi won the San Marino Grand Prix at Misano to end Honda's 100% winning record in MotoGP this season.
Seven men have been jailed for up to 15 years for a "terrifying" attack on a drug dealer in Devon.
A new film based on the 1947 novel Whisky Galore is to be released in cinemas across Scotland.
A new high-speed rail line should have stops in Bradford and York, a report has said.
Wales missed the chance to go top of their Euro 2017 qualifying group as they drew with Israel.
A remote Scottish island has switched on a new 24-hour electricity supply for the first time in 30 years.
The founder of the micronation Sealand, Roy Bates, has died at the age of 81.
The health minister has intervened in a row over £1.5m of funding for learning disability services in the Western Trust.
The remains of a chapel built by Richard III have been discovered, 530 years after it was started.
Aldershot Town and York City played out a goalless draw at the EBB Stadium.
Algeria have appointed former Real Madrid coach Roberto Martinez as their new coach until 2020.
A bride whose wedding dress went missing after being sent to a dry cleaners for a pre-wedding clean has been reunited with it.
Scotland's Steph Twell is the top seed for the under-23 women's 5,000m at the European Cross Country Championships.
A new steel processing business is to create 15 jobs after securing Welsh Government funding.
West Ham striker Andy Carroll could be fit to face Newcastle on 24 October, says manager Slaven Bilic.
Hampshire have re-signed South Africa fast bowler Fidel Edwards for the 2017 season.
The BBC will bring you live coverage of the 41st Ryder Cup from 29 September to 1 October.
US actor Daniel "Danny" Goldman, who played Boba Fett in Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back, has died aged 88.
A Taiwanese bus driver who killed 25 people in a fiery crash in July was planning to commit suicide, officials say.
Essex lead Leicestershire by 47 runs with nine wickets standing after the third day of their Division Two match at Chelmsford.
A former GP in Shropshire is being investigated by police over allegations of sexual abuse dating back to the 1970s.
Harlequins have signed American football player Psalm Wooching on a short-term deal to compete in the World Club 10s.
A toddler who fell 10 storeys from a Minneapolis apartment building is recovering in hospital.
McLaren's new chief executive officer Jens Capito has left the company after just four months.
A 16-year-old boy has revealed how he spends 25 minutes photoshopping his selfies to hide his spots and double chin.
The UK car industry enjoyed its fifth consecutive year of record sales in 2016, according to the industry body.
China will send a women's team to play in Germany's fifth tier in the 2017-18 season.
Germany is the biggest economy in Europe, and the fourth largest in the world.
A mother accused of murdering her 18-month-old adopted daughter told a court she blamed her eldest son for the toddler's death.
Yorkshire were bowled out for 170 in their first innings against Nottinghamshire at Trent Bridge.
At least 15 people have been killed in a bomb attack in eastern Iraq, officials say.
The family of US comedian Joan Rivers has reached a settlement in a lawsuit over her death in September 2014.
At least 34 people have been killed in an attack by Islamic State (IS) militants on a police base in the Iraqi city of Tikrit, officials say
People born in 1915 are in better health in their 90s than those born a decade earlier, a study suggests.
Police are searching for a 72-year-old man who has been missing from his home in Greenock for more than 24 hours.
Sickness levels among ambulance staff in Wales have fallen for the first time in three years, according to new figures.
A man who provided a list of 1,351 US military and government personnel to Islamic State has been sentenced to 20 years in jail.
The death toll from landslides triggered by torrential rain in western Japan has risen to 37, officials say.
No drugs tests have been carried out on Spanish footballers since March 2016, according to the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada).
Edinburgh head coach Alan Solomons believes his side have closed the gap on Glasgow Warriors.
A hospital trust has reported 22 cases of patients being "lost to follow-up" since 2011, including three deaths.
Morecambe have released midfielder Kevin Ellison, 37, after 10 years at the club.
A Russian helicopter has crashed in Siberia, killing 21 people on board, officials say.
Thousands of steel workers have taken part in a protest in Brussels to highlight the crisis in the industry.
Poet John Agard has been awarded the Queen's Gold Medal for Poetry 2015.
The Daily Mail has paid tribute to its former astrologer Jonathan Cainer, who has died aged 59.
Spanish rider Ivan Goia Maeso will make his return to the North West 200 in May.
A forensic scientist is hoping to solve a 85-year-old murder mystery by using new DNA techniques.
A man who was shot in the chest 13 years ago has died in hospital, police have said.
The number of births in Scotland has increased for the first time in five years, according to figures from National Records of Scotland.
A 130-year-old building has been destroyed by fire, firefighters have said.
Gareth Southgate has turned down the chance to be England's interim manager until the end of the year.
People with small pension pots are paying up to 10% in fees to access their savings, according to Citizens Advice.
High-Rise, a film about a dystopian tower block, has been nominated for best film at the Evening Standard British Film Awards.
A 20-year-old man has been found guilty of grooming two 14-year-old girls in Middlesbrough.
India and Pakistan have agreed to hold talks on 25 August in the Indian city of New Delhi.
Tracks from the first tram network in Nottingham have been discovered 100 years after they were buried.
The environment minister has overturned a decision by Causeway Coast and Glens Borough Council to refuse planning permission for a wind farm.
The UK government has submitted an expression of interest to host the 2022 Commonwealth Games.
A whistleblower has claimed staff at an NHS 111 call centre were so exhausted they fell asleep on duty.
North Korea has executed 15 senior officials since January, South Korea's National Intelligence Service (NIS) has said.
Manny Pacquiao will fight WBO super-featherweight champion Jessie Vargas on 5 November, his manager has said.
At least 10 people have died in floods in the Indian Ocean island of Mauritius, officials say.
British Olympic champion Nicola Adams will begin her Rio 2016 campaign against a bye in the women's flyweight division.
More than 150 cars have been found abandoned after a suspected scam at Gatwick Airport.
Ireland's women lost their final warm-up match before the World Twenty20 qualifiers in Sri Lanka.
A second body has been found during a search for a woman who went missing in Swindon 10 days ago.
A refugee who fled the civil war in the Central African Republic has said he was offered a "tiny" council house.
The Democratic race for the White House is still wide open, with Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders neck-and-neck in the race for delegates.
Ambulance bosses are hoping to recruit 500 new paramedics to help improve the service.
The Hamilton Flute Band was formed in Londonderry in 1914.
An Indian man who says he was jailed in Pakistan for 30 years for spying has been released and is returning home.
The police ombudsman is to investigate claims that a loyalist informer was responsible for the Shankill Road bombing in 1993.
New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum has been dismissed for 64 as Australia look to force a win in Christchurch.
Bosnian Serbs have voted overwhelmingly in favour of keeping 9 January as their national holiday.
A 12-year-old boy with a tumour in his jaw has been made a ward of court after his parents refused surgery.
Gunmen have kidnapped 30 Afghan Shia Muslims in southern Afghanistan, officials say.
More than 150 scientists have called for the 2016 Olympics in Rio to be postponed or moved because of the Zika virus.
About 100 firefighters have been called to a car compound after a fire spread to 100 vehicles.
A council has been told to "rapidly improve" its primary schools after Ofsted found 15 out of 35 were inadequate or requiring improvement.
Hundreds of people have protested in the Rwandan capital, Kigali, against the arrest of a top general in London.
California officials have dropped a plan to cut petrol use in cars by half by 2030.
Ryanair is to create 10 new routes from Glasgow and Edinburgh airports.
Two French pilots who escaped from house arrest in the Dominican Republic have returned to France.
Women who have had their tonsils or appendix removed are more likely to get pregnant, a study suggests.
A £1bn City Deal for Cardiff could be agreed by the end of the year, a council report has suggested.
A man who was cleared of rape after a trial in 2015 has said he is "devastated" by a police order restricting his sex life.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day lower, despite Sky reporting a rise in profits.
Bombardier is in talks with Delta Air Lines about a deal for up to 125 of its C Series planes.
Merseyrail services have been brought to a standstill by a 24-hour strike by drivers and conductors.
2017 has been named the Year of Legends, Culture, Sport and Tourism.
The world's oldest person, Japanese woman Misao Okawa, has died at the age of 117, her family has said.
Yorkshire have re-signed New Zealand captain Kane Williamson for the 2016 English season.
More than 100 wildfires have broken out in northern Spain, with 1,000 firefighters battling to contain them.
A group of Welsh campaigners has travelled to Paris to lobby for a deal on climate change.
McLaren Automotive has announced it will create 250 new jobs at its Surrey factory.
Leinster ran in eight tries as they comfortably beat Zebre at the RDS Arena to move up to third in the Pro12 table.
A shipbuilder has been awarded £1m to help it expand its operations on the Clyde.
Cardiff Blues head coach Danny Wilson says his side showed great character to beat Edinburgh in difficult conditions in Scotland.
Formula 1 has signed a deal with Snapchat to broadcast live footage of races and other events on the social media platform.
Glasgow Warriors have signed New Zealand-born Scotland wing Sean Maitland from Super Rugby side the Chiefs.
Brazilian footballer Jussie Vandelli has been forced to pull out of The Jump after suffering a broken ankle.
Messi has finally met the boy who inspired a viral photo of him wearing a homemade Barcelona shirt.
A 12-year-old girl is among 14 people injured in a shooting at a vigil in Chicago.
Facebook has apologised after a grieving father complained that a picture of his dead daughter was included in his "Year in Review" album.
Derbyshire are in a strong position to beat Worcestershire after bowling out the hosts for 164 in the second innings.
Two men arrested in Austria last year are suspected of helping to plan the Paris attacks that killed 130 people in November 2015.
Seventeen-year-old cellist Ayanna Witter-Johnson has won the BBC Young Musician 2014 competition.
Cardiff-based artist Bedwyr Williams has won the 2015 Artes Mundi prize for contemporary art.
British driver Jolyon Palmer will remain with Renault for the 2017 Formula 1 season.
The trial of an Irish teenager being held in an Egyptian prison for more than two years has been adjourned for the 15th time.
A Cornish company has raised £1m to explore for lithium in the county.
A murder investigation into the death of a Glasgow woman 11 years ago is to be reopened.
Haas have unveiled their 2017 Formula 1 car, which they hope will help them build on their impressive debut season.
The Scottish government has published a contract notice for the design of a 29-mile section of the A96 dualling project.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day slightly lower, with mining shares hit by falling metals prices.
Britain has more than 20,000 traffic hotspots, according to a new study.
Hollywood actors have voted to authorise a strike over a dispute with video game companies.
A 19th Century painting by Paul Cezanne is to remain in the UK after the government placed a temporary export bar on it.
S Club 7 have announced a 15-date UK tour for May 2015.
The number of cyclists being mugged for their bikes in London has risen by 40% in a year, police figures show.
French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius is hosting a meeting in Paris on Tuesday to discuss the fight against so-called Islamic State (IS) militants.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has promised £200m of investment in coastal towns if he is re-elected on 24 September.
A swimming pool was evacuated after a chemical incident at a leisure centre in south-west London.
Facebook has protested against a US court order which forced it to hand over data from 381 of its users' accounts.
Leicestershire have signed Ireland all-rounder Kevin O'Brien for the T20 Blast.
Ukraine's gay-rights campaigners have held their first ever public march in the capital, Kiev.
The former BHS owner who bought the retailer for £1 has been fined £1,000 for speeding.
Paul Heckingbottom has signed a new three-year contract to remain as Barnsley manager after their promotion to the Championship.
The Welsh government is to propose a new map of Wales with eight councils, the BBC has learned.
A £15m deal has been struck to buy a landmark Belfast building to be turned into a 100-bedroom hotel.
Daimler is investigating whether its diesel cars meet US emissions standards, sending its shares down 5%.
The Australian Senate has been sworn in with One Nation leader Pauline Hanson elected to the upper house for the first time since 1998.
Police investigating the disappearance of a three-year-old girl 34 years ago have released a new e-fit of a man they want to trace.
Former Welsh Secretary Ann Clwyd has changed her mind and will stand for re-election in the Cynon Valley at the 2015 general election.
The number of people dying around Scotland's coast has risen by 50% in the past four years, according to the RNLI.
The Scottish Cup semi-finals will be played on the weekend of 16-17 April, with Rangers v Celtic at Hampden.
A man has completed a 10-day swim down the River Severn from source to sea.
Two 17-year-old boys who died after falling from cliffs in North Yorkshire have been named.
South Africa has halted the deportation of 170 African migrants after a court challenge.
A £16m research project into dementia is being launched in Wales, with the aim of finding a cure by 2025.
A 3D-printed prosthetic beak has been fitted to a sea turtle that lost half its jaws in a fishing accident.
A teenager who was sexually abused by a 30-year-old man has spoken out about his ordeal.
Kent Women captain Charlotte Edwards has announced her retirement from cricket and will leave the county at the end of the season.
A series of events is to be held to mark the 500th anniversary of the construction of a castle in the Highlands.
The Davis Cup and Fed Cup finals will be held as a combined event in Geneva from 2018.
A memorial service has been held to mark the 25th anniversary of the murder of a police officer by the IRA.
Clara Amfo is to take over the Radio 1 Official Chart Show from Jameela Jamil.
Files relating to the Orgreave coking plant in South Yorkshire are to be released in 2017, the Home Office has said.
A former Olympic athlete has celebrated his 99th birthday with a party attended by 100 friends.
A man who drove at speeds of up to 140mph on the A483 in Powys has been given a suspended jail sentence.
A £12m office development in Wolverhampton has been given the go-ahead.
A council has apologised after 147 staff were underpaid in the first live pay run of a new £10m payroll system.
Carlos Sainz will remain at Toro Rosso for the 2017 Formula 1 season, Red Bull have confirmed.
Two teeth belonging to King John, who granted the Magna Carta, are to go on display in London.
At least 20 people have been killed in a suicide attack on a dog-fighting competition in southern Afghanistan, officials say.
The University of Lincoln is to receive £10m to develop a new health science centre.
Drake has scored his 11th UK top 10 single with One Dance, which has climbed to number six.
Samsung is to release a new version of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone, despite the device being recalled and discontinued last year.
Former Frome Town manager Mark Bunyard has been banned from all football and football activity for 18 months by the FA.
Edinburgh have tied Blair Kinghorn to a new two-year contract, keeping the Scotland Under-20 international at the club until 2018.
John Lewis has appointed Paula Nickolds as its new managing director, replacing Andy Street who is running for mayor of the West Midlands.
The Irish government has pardoned a man who was executed 75 years ago for a murder he may not have committed.
Snooker has applied to be included in the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
Leicester Riders forward Drew Sullivan has announced his retirement from basketball at the age of 36.
About 100 teachers have marched through Llandrindod Wells in protest at plans to reorganise schools in Powys.
Three former care workers have been jailed for a total of 37 years for sexually abusing boys at a school in the 1970s.
Celtic players paid tribute to a 13-year-old boy who died after collapsing on a football pitch.
A Nigerian man who enrolled at primary school at the age of 83 has died, his school says.
Hampshire captain Will Smith made 209 as they dominated Lancashire on day two of their County Championship match.
More than 60 jobs are to go at a truck manufacturing plant in North Lanarkshire.
A 90-year-old woman has been left "extremely upset" after a man stole her life savings during a distraction burglary in Glasgow.
A proposal by the European Commission to oversee clinical trials in Europe has been criticised by German doctors.
The Colombian government has asked the US to provide an update on an investigation into allegations that US soldiers sexually abused minors in the country.
A 14-year-old girl has said she was "really surprised" when Prince William agreed to take a selfie with her.
A £2m scheme to help people with mental health problems take up sport has been launched.
People who are overweight are now less likely to die early than those who are a normal weight, a study suggests.
Shares in Stanley Gibbons have fallen by more than 12% after the stamp dealer said it was exploring strategic options.
The Royal Troon Golf Club has voted to admit female members for the first time in its 137-year history.
Glamorgan beat Gloucestershire by 53 runs in a high-scoring T20 Blast match at Bristol.
Scarlets came from behind to beat 14-man Leinster and move up to fourth in the Pro12 table.
Sri Lanka fast bowler Lasith Malinga has been ruled out of the World Twenty20 in India because of a knee injury.
A 25-year-old man has been jailed for 10 years for killing a man in a street attack in Edinburgh.
Great Britain's Laura Trott says the women's team pursuit squad can break the world record at the London Track World Cup.
At least 43 people have been killed in the Philippines by Typhoon Bopha, which has made landfall as a super typhoon.
Up to 40 foreign women are working in pop-up brothels in Swindon every week, police have said.
Newcastle boss Steve McClaren says the club will continue to spend heavily in the transfer market.
Gary Neville and Ryan Giggs have asked for a delay in a decision on their £500m St Michael's development in Manchester.
A soldier from the Yorkshire Regiment has been killed in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has said.
Home Depot has said that hackers stole the email addresses of 56 million customers in a data breach that hit its network.
The veteran Congolese opposition leader Etienne Tshisekedi has died in Brussels aged 84, his party says.
A plane carrying 141 passengers from Vancouver to Hong Kong was forced to make an emergency landing in Calgary after severe turbulence.
Glamorgan batsman Jacqus Rudolph has signed a new three-year contract with the county.
The chief executive of a council at the centre of a financial investigation has resigned after 10 years in the role.
A hospital trust rated "inadequate" by health inspectors has been given £20.5m to improve services.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed at a record high for the 13th day in a row on Tuesday, as investors awaited Mr Trump's speech.
The Electoral Commission has launched a campaign to remind people that they have until 20 April to register to vote in the general election.
The NFL will stage six games in London in 2017, the league has announced.
Scarlets beat Ulster to move 10 points clear at the top of the Pro12 table.
A prisoner who claimed he was "stressed" after losing some toiletries has been awarded £814.97 in compensation.
Amir Khan says mixed martial arts is "hitting some high numbers" and could be a "massive" sport in the UK.
A theatre is celebrating 150 years of pantomime with a special performance of Cinderella.
A virtual world of Ben Nevis has been created by Ordnance Survey (OS) to mark the 125th anniversary of the mapping agency.
Former Scotland badminton number one Kirsteen Rushworth is to retire from the sport at the age of 27.
Pakistan thrashed Ireland by 257 runs in the first one-day international in Dubai.
The prime minister has been challenged to devolve policing to Wales to help tackle a fall in officer numbers.
China's decision to pull out of a £1bn investment deal with the Scottish government will not have a long-term impact, experts have said.
Lancashire were in trouble at 32-5 before a rain-affected second day of their Division Two match with Middlesex.
Volkswagen owners are being asked to take part in a survey about their cars, as the company faces a £1bn compensation claim.
A new station on the Great Eastern Main Line has opened for the first time in 31 years.
Jamie Webb won his first British title as he broke the 200m freestyle record at the British Championships in Sheffield.
A "chemical substance" was released in a college classroom, leaving 15 people needing medical treatment.
Girls aged between five and 14 spend 40% more time on household chores than boys, according to a new report.
A married couple who have presented BBC radio shows for more than 20 years have been charged with child sex offences.
A 34-year-old man has been arrested in Donegal on suspicion of the murder of PSNI officer David Black.
Calderdale Council has announced a £1m package to help residents and businesses recover from the Boxing Day floods.
A 900-year-old castle in Cardigan has reopened to the public following a £10m restoration.
Scotland were beaten by 96 runs in the first of two one-day internationals against Pakistan at The Grange.
The number of children reported missing in Gwent has risen by 21% in a year, according to new figures.
A memorial service has been held to mark the 40th anniversary of a plane crash which killed five people.
Worcestershire batsman Alex Gidman has been forced to retire at the age of 34 because of a finger injury.
Only one in 100 drugs being tested for Alzheimer's disease are successful, say US researchers.
A man who carried out an armed robbery while on licence from prison for a similar offence has been jailed for more than three years.
About 150 people were evacuated from their homes after a gas leak in south-east London.
Southern rail workers are to be balloted for strike action over claims of "intimidatory" working practices.
Phyllida Barlow has been named as the British artist who will represent the UK at the 2017 Venice Biennale.
Two soldiers who died in the Battle of the Scheldt in World War Two have been given a full military funeral, 71 years after their deaths.
A 16th Century shipwreck and a 1960s aviary at London Zoo are among 100 sites added to a heritage register
Zoe Smith won her first Commonwealth Games gold medal in the women's -63kg weightlifting event in Glasgow.
Two schools in a South African township have been closed for a week after a 15-year-old pupil was shot dead.
A woman facing deportation to Zambia has been given a temporary reprieve after a last-minute intervention by the Home Office.
A £100m plan to redevelop a key town centre site in Northampton has been scrapped.
There are 40 vacant posts for radiologists in Northern Ireland's health service.
Jonathan Sexton is set to return to training this week as he steps up his recovery from a hamstring injury.
A council has drawn up plans to sell off 100 of its buildings and land over the next four years.
A shipbuilding firm which received £5m of public funding has gone into administration, but its operations have been saved.
A school has reversed a decision to let pupils leave early to watch England's Euro 2016 match against Wales.
A 90-year-old woman died after being "shoved" by a supermarket door, a coroner has concluded.
Widnes Vikings have tied down full-back Rhys Hanbury to a new three-year contract.
A major diversion of the A8/M8 is in place as part of a £500m road improvement project.
A government scheme to encourage parents to take parenting classes cost £2m but only 4% of eligible parents took part, Labour has claimed.
A 101-year-old woman has been left too frightened to return to her home in north London after being mugged.
McDonald's has extended its sponsorship deal with the International Olympic Committee until 2020.
A tattoo artist who filed women undressing and using the toilet at his studio has been jailed for 18 months.
At least 20 people were injured when a flight from Paris to China was hit by severe turbulence, Chinese media report.
A steel firm in Newport has gone into administration with the loss of 101 jobs.
Scotland were beaten by 10 runs in a rain-affected Twenty20 international against Hong Kong in Aberdeen.
A 16-year-old boy who raped two girls has been jailed for five years.
Snapchat's parent company has priced its shares at $17 each, above the expected range of $14 to $16.
A hospital trust has admitted it has lost the records of 111 patients who were referred to its services.
A book that was 83 years overdue has been returned to a library in County Meath.
The US is sending 300 paratroopers to Ukraine to train local forces, the US Army has announced.
A tree campaign group has held a "wake" for a 100ft oak tree threatened with felling.
A woman was trapped under a bus for 45 minutes after it crashed into a building in west London.
Storm Abigail is causing disruption across the UK and Ireland with gusts of up to 100km/h.
India and Bangladesh have agreed to swap more than 160 enclaves along their border, ending a dispute dating back to the 1947 partition of
Ulster have cancelled the signing of South African flanker Arno Botha because of concerns over his fitness.
Shares in Anglo American have jumped 8.5% after the Indian mining billionaire Anil Agarwal said he would buy a 12% stake in the
Libyan authorities say they have found the bodies of at least 19 people in two mass graves in Tripoli.
A 18th Century stately home which is the UK's largest private house is to be sold for £15m.
The UK's telecoms regulator has said it is concerned about the proposed merger of O2 and Three.
BBC Two is to celebrate its 40th anniversary with a special episode of Goodness Gracious Me.
A bun-throwing ceremony has been held in Oxfordshire to mark the 90th birthday of the Queen.
The NHS is facing a financial crisis with hospitals facing deficits of up to £2bn, a leading health think-tank has warned.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has declared Africa free of wild polio virus for the first time in history.
Formula 1's new commercial agreement has been agreed in principle, BBC Sport understands.
Kenya's Mary Keitany won the New York Marathon for the third time in a row to equal the record of Grete Waitz.
John Menzies has agreed to buy US-based aviation services company Asig for £150m.
Auctioneers are selling off £1m worth of gold seized by HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) in Northern Ireland.
The Scottish government has said country sports are worth £155m to the economy.
Mobile network O2 has been hit by a data breach that has seen the personal details of thousands of customers put up for sale online.
A Dundee woman who has 13 children is to take part in a new 5K Race for Life event after her daughter announced she is pregnant.
Tunisia's media landscape has changed dramatically since the 2011 revolution that ousted President Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali.
Police Scotland has confirmed that 61 frontline police stations will lose their public counters.
Gymnast Louis Smith has won the Christmas special of Strictly Come Dancing.
More than 300 jobs have been saved at a troubled steel firm, administrators have confirmed.
A man who pretended to be a Mercedes-Benz executive has been jailed for 30 months.
Red Bull boss Christian Horner has welcomed the takeover of Formula 1 by the US-based Liberty Media Group.
The Central African Republic is one of the worst places in the world to be a child.
A 26-year-old man has been charged with the murder of a 23-year-old primary school teacher.
Former England goalkeeper Peter Shilton has criticised manager Sam Allardyce's decision to play Wayne Rooney in midfield.
A message in a bottle sent by two Swedish children 22 years ago has been found in Panama.
A man has died after being hit by a car on the A78 near Kilmarnock.
England Under-19 batsman Aneurin Donald says he is not concerned about safety ahead of the Under-19 World Cup in Bangladesh.
Chinese technology firm Lenovo has reported a 23% rise in quarterly profit, helped by strong sales of its smartphones and tablets.
Southampton ended a 27-year wait for a win at Old Trafford as they beat Manchester United.
A couple who lost their wedding venue and £500 deposit have said they are "stressed and upset".
US President Donald Trump has said he is "very thankful" to Russian President Vladimir Putin for cutting the number of US diplomats in Russia.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted rape after a 14-year-old girl was attacked in Rochdale.
Derby County have appointed former England youth coach John Peacock as their new first-team coach.
The number of people using public transport in Scotland has fallen by 6% over the last decade, according to a new report.
A memorial to 108 men killed in the First World War has been given Grade II listed status.
The founder of the anonymous imageboard 4chan is to join Google as a product manager.
London schools face a £1bn funding black hole by 2020, according to a report by the Centre for London think tank.
Mercedes have been fined Â£25,000 and given a three-place grid penalty for Nico Rosberg at the Canadian Grand Prix.
Microsoft has announced the launch of Windows 10, the latest version of its operating system.
Austria is to ban smoking in restaurants and cafes from 2018.
The number of people applying to start university courses in the UK in September has fallen by 5%.
A "major" Roman burial site has been discovered in Hertfordshire, archaeologists have said.
A search is continuing for a junior doctor who has been missing for more than 48 hours.
The UK construction sector ended 2014 on a downbeat note, with housebuilding falling for the first time in a year.
Nigel Farage has blamed traffic on the A1 for his failure to appear on BBC One's Question Time.
Nicole Kidman says she still feels like she's starting out in her career, 30 years after her first Cannes appearance.
A commuter train has derailed in New York, injuring more than 100 people.
Young people should be made to vote in elections from the age of 16, a think tank has said.
The British woman who survived an attack by a killer on the Australian Outback has said she wants to find her murdered friend.
The Liberal Democrats have lost 12 seats in Liverpool in the local elections - with the party's former leader losing his seat.
Shares in Australia have surged by more than 5% in early trade, with mining stocks leading the way.
The families of two boys whose father was on board missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 have settled their lawsuit against the airline.
A 94-year-old veteran has been awarded a medal for his service on the Arctic convoys during World War Two.
A database containing the personal information of 26 million people has been leaked online, a security expert has said.
Former Birmingham City manager Harry Goodwin has died at the age of 79.
US musician Arthur Smith, who had a hit with Guitar Boogie in 1948, has died at the age of 93.
A police force has been criticised for using "ploddledegook" in an advert for a new chief constable.
A woman found a 3ft-long snake in her kitchen drawer after it escaped from a neighbour's flat.
Two soldiers from the Irish Guards have been killed in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has said.
A cat that spent 24 hours trapped in the engine of a van is being cared for by the RSPCA.
(Close): A sell-off in media stocks weighed on the Dow Jones on Thursday.
Former Nicaraguan interior minister Tomas Borge has died at the age of 84.
A loch in the Highlands has been drained for the first time in 50 years.
A school bus carrying 26 children has become stranded in flood water on a road in North Yorkshire.
Lewis Hamilton will not face any action after riding a motorcycle on a New Zealand motorway without a helmet.
Great Britain's Alex Danson has been ruled out of the Women's Hockey World Cup in the Netherlands because of a hamstring injury.
The mother of a woman who disappeared 21 years ago has said she is "hopeful" after three men were arrested on suspicion of murder.
A woman has admitted fraudulently claiming her mother's pension for 22 years after she died.
Plans to improve a notorious stretch of the A9 in Caithness will be unveiled later this month.
Brazil's Senate has approved a constitutional amendment to cap public spending for the next 20 years.
Tottenham have had a £15m bid for West Brom striker Saido Berahino rejected, the club have confirmed.
A body has been found in the search for a missing Met Police officer who went missing on his way home from work.
Vicky Holland's British team-mate Jodie Stimpson won the opening round of the 2016 ITU World Triathlon Series in Abu D
The UK's intelligence agency GCHQ has announced it will run 10 summer schools this year to help teach students about cybersecurity.
Ivory Coast have been given a 10% budget increase for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
Fire stations in Northumberland could be closed and fire engines downsized under plans to save £500,000.
Two poems by Lord of the Rings author JRR Tolkien have been discovered in a school magazine from 1936.
The number of people drinking craft beer in Wales is growing by 10% a year, according to the industry.
Treatment for type-2 diabetes can add up to 10 months to a patient's life, a study has suggested.
Heavyweight boxer Tyson Fury has been named 2015's Ring magazine fighter of the year.
The Aberdeen-based engineering firm Wood Group has reported a sharp fall in profits for the first half of 2016.
Flintshire council is to hold a series of public meetings to discuss how to save £7m from its budget.
Steven Adams is the man of the moment in the NBA play-offs, but he is not the only one making headlines.
HP has cancelled orders for laptops that were mistakenly listed at a discount of up to 93% on its UK website.
A man has been arrested after stabbing five people in a supermarket in the German city of Hamburg.
Boris Johnson has been criticised for using a figure that is "potentially misleading" in his campaigning for the UK to leave the EU.
At least 107 people have been killed in Saudi Arabia after a crane collapsed on the Grand Mosque in Mecca, officials say.
The cost of the Aberdeen bypass has risen by £306m since 2008, the Scottish government has revealed.
A £1m fund to help police officers suffering from post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) has been announced.
An Arkansas inmate who escaped from prison 32 years ago has been recaptured.
Malaysian police have arrested 117 foreigners suspected of being involved in terrorism in a series of raids in Kuala Lumpur.
The Guernsey government is to write off £25.2m of debt owed by the island's airline Aurigny.
Frank Bruno should not be allowed to return to boxing at the age of 53, says promoter Eddie Hearn.
Leicester City's remarkable Premier League title challenge has been backed up by the bookmakers.
Australia have named an unchanged team for their World Cup quarter-final against England in Cardiff on Saturday.
A council accidentally posted online the personal details of 100 vulnerable adults in need of care.
One of India's most famous tigers has died at the age of 19.
Hibernian have signed former Celtic and Liverpool winger Kris Commons on a short-term deal until January.
The number of people who have contacted police about historical child sex abuse in football has risen by 32% in the past three months.
Drivers in London could be fined Â£85 for littering from their cars under new laws.
A 93-year-old former guard at the Auschwitz death camp has died before his trial could begin in Germany.
The number of councils in Wales charging for pest control services has risen by 50% in two years.
Tottenham's young stars showed their potential as they came from behind to earn a draw in their Europa League last-32 first leg.
The Harrogate International Festivals is launching a £1m appeal to mark its 50th anniversary.
The two remaining piers in Blackpool have been sold for £1.5m.
A service has been held in Birmingham to mark the 40th anniversary of the IRA pub bombings.
A woman has died following a crash between a motorbike and a car on the A96 near Huntly.
At least 13 people have died in wildfires in Tennessee, officials say.
The Queen's 90th birthday has been celebrated with a series of events in Cardiff.
Durham beat Leicestershire by 11 runs in a high-scoring T20 Blast match at Chester-le-Street.
Turkish prosecutors have issued arrest warrants for 112 journalists, accusing them of involvement in last year's failed coup.
The Tokyo hotel favoured by world leaders and featured in a James Bond film is to close after 53 years.
The Duchess of Cambridge has visited Luxembourg on her first solo overseas trip since the birth of Prince George.
A Typhoon jet has been painted in the colours of a Hurricane fighter plane to mark the 75th anniversary of the Battle of Britain.
The world's 10 biggest oil and gas companies have pledged to help limit global warming to 2C.
Two men who worked at a Belfast sex shop have been given suspended jail terms for stealing £1,000 worth of goods.
Services have been held in Wales to mark the 70th anniversary of VJ Day, which marked the end of World War Two.
Lancashire captain Kyle Jarvis took 5-59 as Durham were bowled out for 152 in their first innings at Chester-le
A new railway station in Derbyshire is to open in 2016, the government has confirmed.
A former Rwandan pastor has been sentenced to 25 years in prison for his role in the 1994 genocide.
The first year of Scotland's new tax authority has been described as "hugely successful" after it collected more than £570m in tax revenues.
The claim: Air pollution in London last week was worse than it was in Beijing.
Plans for a £26m package of improvements to Hull's infrastructure have been approved by the city council.
A council is in talks with the National Trust to hand over the management of a 17th Century stately home.
A 300th anniversary celebration is being held to mark the construction of a bridge in the Highlands.
A Russian Mi-28 attack helicopter has crashed during an air show in the country's Ryazan region, killing one pilot.
The BBC has announced it will broadcast 24 live Olympic streams through its Red Button service during the London 2012 Games.
All lanes of the M6 are being used for 21 miles between Coventry and Staffordshire.
Police have arrested 19 men following alleged sectarian incidents at the Old Firm game at Celtic Park on Saturday.
A coach driver has been hailed a hero after he helped evacuate 60 schoolchildren from a burning bus on the M6.
Tube drivers are to stage three 24-hour strikes in January in a dispute over the introduction of a Night Tube.
Ian Bell has signed a new contract with Warwickshire that will keep him at Edgbaston until the end of the 2018 season.
Republican Senator Lindsey Graham has confirmed he is running for president in 2016.
A construction firm has announced it is closing its 100-year-old bridge-making factory in Chepstow.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says his players have been practising penalties ahead of a potential shoot-out in Euro 2016.
Venezuela's electoral council has banned the main opposition leader Henrique Capriles from holding public office for 15 years.
Japanese shares closed higher on Friday, helped by a weaker yen and a rise in US stocks.
Warwickshire have signed New Zealand batsman Grant Elliott as their overseas player for the 2017 T20 Blast.
Number 10 has defended the popularity of Prime Minister David Cameron's cat Larry.
Joe Ledley has been included in Wales' 23-man squad for Euro 2016 despite a calf injury.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino has signed a new five-year contract at White Hart Lane until 2021.
The Bank of England has announced that the new £5 note will be made of plastic.
Parents are campaigning to stop a 25% rise in the cost of a bus pass for their children.
A Scottish whisky distiller has secured a £30m loan from the Bank of Scotland.
Swansea City are in talks to sign Italian striker Alberto Paloschi from Chievo Verona.
Gregor Townsend will take over as Scotland head coach after the 2017 British and Irish Lions tour of New Zealand.
German rider Christian Saiger set the pace on the opening night of practice for the 2016 Classic TT.
Radio 1 has announced that Cel Spellman will present the Official Chart Show from 2016.
Nine pupils have been taken to hospital after being affected by a substance at a school in Newport.
A 10-year-old boy who died after being taken to hospital in a life-threatening condition was taken to the wrong hospital, sources have claimed.
The Labour candidate for Broxtowe has said he may vote against the HS2 high-speed rail project.
The number of people killed in fires in Scotland has fallen to its lowest level for more than 20 years, according to new figures.
Former Ulster GAA secretary Danny Murphy has died at the age of 70.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle have appointed John Robertson as their new manager for a second spell in charge.
A mountain of rubbish dumped on a railway line has grown to 10ft high in just two months.
West Ham have accepted a bid of £25m from Marseille for France international Dimitri Payet.
Former TV-am presenter Mike Morris has died at the age of 65 after a long illness.
The roof of Cardiff's Principality Stadium will be closed for the 2017 Champions League final on 3 June.
Water companies have benefited from a £1.2bn windfall over the past five years, according to a report by the government's spending watchdog.
St Mirren have appointed Danny Lennon as their new manager until 2017.
Liverpool is to get four new football pitches as part of a £17m investment by the Football Association.
The International Olympic Committee is in talks with the world governing body for amateur boxing over the introduction of professional fighters to the Olympics.
The apple harvest is under way in County Armagh.
The death of Peaches Geldof was the most searched-for news story of 2014, according to Bing.
Two amateur golfers have scored holes-in-one at the same hole during a match.
A duke has been banned from driving for 12 months after admitting speeding offences in five different areas.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested after a fellow pupil was stabbed to death at a school in Aberdeen.
Former New Zealand international forward Sione Lauaki has died at the age of 33.
Six people have been arrested in London on suspicion of terrorism offences.
Wolverhampton Wanderers have sacked head coach Kenny Jackett after just 77 days in charge of the club.
A 15-year-old girl was allegedly sexually assaulted by several men in Chicago and the incident live streamed on Facebook.
Police in four countries have arrested 14 people suspected of being members of the Anonymous hacker group.
Scientists have identified 20 viruses that could cause the next global pandemic.
The winners of a £148m Euromillions jackpot are to be revealed at a press conference later.
A union has warned of 50 redundancies at a quarry in Argyll.
Facebook, Twitter and Google have agreed to remove hate speech from their sites within 24 hours in Germany.
Middlesex have confirmed that South African batsman Stephen Cook will miss the rest of the T20 Blast campaign.
Norton Motorcycles have signed Australian rider David Johnson for the 2017 Isle of Man TT.
Two unfinished developments in Ipswich could be completed within two years, administrators have said.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, helped by strong results from Unilever and a rise in commodity prices.
The UK's current account deficit is the biggest it has been for 25 years.
A former NHS boss who faked his qualifications to land three top jobs has been jailed for 20 months.
Paul di Resta has been re-signed by Williams as their reserve driver for the 2017 season.
The family of a man murdered in west Belfast 25 years ago have met police to discuss the case.
A dog has been left paralysed after being kicked by burglars who broke into a house in Halesowen.
The company chosen to build and run Bristol's £91m arena has been announced.
Spain's unemployment rate fell to its lowest level in five years in the last three months of 2015, official figures show.
Principality Building Society has reported a fall in profits for the first time in 10 years.
A man has been injured after a shotgun was fired at a wedding in Londonderry.
Toto Wolff has sold his final shares in the Williams Formula 1 team, ending his 10-year involvement with the Grove-based outfit.
Australia batsman Chris Rogers has announced his retirement from cricket after 18 years.
More than 13 million children in the Middle East and North Africa are out of school because of conflict, according to a new report.
Diane Abbott has revealed she has been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes.
Boris Johnson has apologised after accidentally flooring a 10-year-old boy during a game of touch rugby in Tokyo.
A team of designers has created a 3D-printed heart and lungs model to help train surgeons.
Two Belgian police officers who drove 13 migrants towards the French border have been arrested and held for four hours.
A newly-married couple from Northern Ireland have died while on honeymoon in South Africa.
People taking anti-depressants may be at increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes, a study suggests.
The first of 70 new trains for the Thameslink network has arrived in the UK.
Sean Lamont is hoping to add to his 104 Scotland caps as he prepares for the first Test against Japan on 18 June.
The UK has 331,000 Irish nationals living here, according to the latest official figures.
The cost of holiday childcare in Wales has risen by almost 70% in the last year, according to a charity.
A lawyer who faked his commute to work by using an Oyster card to travel from Buckinghamshire to London has been jailed for 12 weeks.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, helped by a 4% rise in Capita shares.
Glamorgan will have the upper hand over Trent Bridge-based Nottinghamshire in the T20 Blast quarter-finals, says bowler Shaun T
A £10m project to improve Gloucester Cathedral has begun with archaeologists on site.
Southend United striker Nile Ranger has been released from prison after serving 28 days of a 20-week sentence.
Councillors in Pembrokeshire have approved a 3% rise in council tax for the second year running.
(Close): Wall Street ended mixed on Thursday, with the S&P 500 and Dow Jones both closing at record highs.
The Northern Ireland Executive is to invest £7m in City of Derry Airport.
The number of households evicted from their homes has risen by 10% in the past year, according to official figures.
Councils in England will be given the power to fine people £150 for dropping litter, the government has announced.
A 250-year-old pear tree has been named the UK's Tree of the Year for 2015.
A man who has worked for more than 100 years has been named Britain's hardest-working man.
At least 13 people have been arrested in Honduras in connection with the murder of 16 teenagers.
A man who admitted possessing and distributing 1,000 images of children being sexually abused has been jailed for 18 months.
Jordan Spieth shot a seven-under-par 66 to take a two-shot lead at the halfway stage of the Hyundai Tournament of Champions
The Raspberry Pi Foundation has sold its one millionth computer.
Tickets for a concert to celebrate the Queen's 90th birthday have sold out in less than six hours.
Andres Romero won the BMW International Open in Germany to claim his second European Tour title.
A business group has accused the Scottish government of dragging its heels over a £10m improvement scheme to a notorious bend on the A9.
The UK economy has slowed to its weakest pace since 2013, according to the CBI business lobby group.
The 12th Inverness Film Festival is to feature a number of foreign language films.
A netball and football coach who has inspired hundreds of girls to take up sport has been named BBC Wales Unsung Hero 2016.
Aidy Boothroyd has been appointed England Under-20 manager on a full-time basis until 2019.
The search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 will be extended to a new area, officials say.
A Euro 2016 app launched by football's governing body UEFA has been criticised for failing to include Wales.
Wales forward Hal Robson-Kanu is confident he will be fit for Euro 2016 in France this summer.
The death of a British backpacker who was murdered in Thailand in 2014 was caused by a blow to the head, an inquest has found.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt is confident Johnny Sexton will be fit to face Scotland in the Six Nations on 26 February.
A driving test examiner who passed on test details to candidates has been given a 240-hour community service order.
Scotland has hosted the 15th Homeless World Cup, with the men's and women's teams both winning gold medals.
Linfield came from behind to beat 10-man Coleraine and move top of the Premiership.
A Labour MP has claimed that lowering the voting age to 16 could lead to more sexual abuse.
The Australian pub made famous by the 1986 film Crocodile Dundee is up for sale for Â£1.5m.
David Dimbleby will front the BBC's election night programme on 8 June, it has been announced.
A South African teenager who had a rare genetic condition that made her age 10 times faster than normal has died at the age of 18.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been giving his Instagram followers some tips on how to be a superstar.
Wales can surprise a few teams at Euro 2016, according to former Scotland manager Craig Brown.
BBC Radio 1 DJ Tony Cash has marked 50 years in broadcasting with a special show.
The German Grand Prix has been a fixture on the F1 calendar since 1951.
A double-decker coach has crashed into a car on the M1 in Bedfordshire, killing three people.
A developer has unveiled plans to build 114 homes on the site of a former clothing factory in Bristol.
The average distance driven by UK motorists has fallen to its lowest level for 11 years, according to the Department for Transport.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson has signed a new contract to remain at the club until 2021.
A man has died in a flat fire in Kent which also injured eight people.
McLaren have signed British teenager Lando Norris as a test driver for 2017.
Liverpool were the biggest beneficiaries of the Euro 2016 windfall, receiving £2.9m for releasing players to the tournament.
The family of a woman murdered 20 years ago have called for a fresh appeal to catch her killer.
A 17-year-old high school football player in Kansas has died after collapsing on the field during a game.
A former Scottish athlete has claimed that a former Scotland rugby international knew of at least four drug cheats.
About 180 jobs are to be moved from RAF Wittering in Cambridgeshire to other bases in the UK.
A wedding dress that went missing for more than two months has been returned to its owner.
A former soldier from Pembrokeshire has been told he must leave the UK within 28 days.
Wasps rugby club has raised £15m through the sale of bonds to investors.
Northern Ireland's Lough Erne course could have a former world number one in its field when it hosts the 2017 Irish Open.
Chris Coleman says Wales have been handed a "positive" World Cup qualifying group for the 2018 finals in Russia.
Karim Benzema has been cleared to contact France team-mate Mathieu Valbuena, according to the player's lawyer.
The Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI) has launched a campaign to reduce the number of people who drown in Scotland's waters.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing the death of a pedestrian who was hit by a car on the A27.
Channel 4 has removed its full-length programmes from YouTube after a 10-year partnership with the video-sharing site ended.
The Royal Navy's HMS Bulwark has left its base in Malta to help rescue migrants crossing the Mediterranean.
The 20th Commonwealth Games are being held in Glasgow from 23 July to 3 August.
British crime writer Ruth Rendell has died at the age of 85, her publisher has announced.
Police forces in Wales have spent an extra £4m on overtime in the last year, figures have revealed.
Roy Hodgson says he has picked an attacking England team for the Euro 2016 finals.
Ian Baraclough has been appointed as Northern Ireland's new Under-21 manager on a two-year contract.
The future of STV as an independent broadcaster has been thrown into doubt by the news that UTV is in talks to sell its TV business.
Police have reopened the investigation into the murder of a woman who was beaten to death in west Belfast 29 years ago.
A married couple who had been together for 65 years have died within hours of each other in a hospice.
Olympic champion Jade Jones says she is in a "great place" to defend her taekwondo title at Rio 2016.
The number of GPs working in Northern Ireland has fallen by 15 over the past 10 years, according to the RCGP.
Marks and Spencer chief executive, Marc Bolland, earned a £1.5m bonus last year, according to the company's annual report.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, helped by a rise in mining shares and a strong performance from Coca-Cola HBC.
Britain's Adam Peaty won his second gold of the European Championships in London on Sunday.
Former Dundee United and Manchester United defender Frank Kopel has died at the age of 67.
Phil Taylor will play Peter Wright in the World Matchplay final after beating Adrian Lewis in the semi-finals.
Microsoft has changed the design of a pop-up window that it uses to encourage users to upgrade to Windows 10.
Harlequins have signed Wales centre Jamie Roberts on a deal that will keep him at the club until 2018.
Kim Dotcom has announced plans to relaunch his Megaupload file-sharing service.
A 16-year-old girl who went missing after a night out has been found stabbed to death.
Hibernian will begin their Scottish Championship campaign with a trip to Falkirk on 6 August.
More than 500 Action Man fans have gathered to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the iconic toy.
A Banksy mural in Bristol has been vandalised just days after it appeared.
Nigeria's military says it has killed a man who has been posing as the leader of Islamist militant group Boko Haram.
Fewer than 500 people have applied for loans to help fund their apprenticeships, according to official figures.
Coventry ended a run of five straight defeats as Andy Rose's late strike earned a 1-0 win at Bradford.
Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has called for early elections on 1 November, after coalition talks failed.
A polymer £5 note issued by Clydesdale Bank has been shortlisted for a global award.
Worcestershire have lost Australia all-rounder John Hastings for up to six weeks with a foot injury.
West Ham are close to signing Portugal midfielder Joao Mario from Inter Milan for £40m.
The number of fly-tipping incidents in England has risen by 10% in a year, according to government figures.
Bank of Scotland is to close 23 branches across Scotland, with the loss of 100 jobs.
Grand Theft Auto 5 has been named Game of the Year at the 2013 Golden Joystick Awards.
A Romanian man who stowed away in the wheel compartment of a private jet has been released by police in London.
BP has lost a court bid to suspend payments from a $7.8bn (£5.03bn) compensation fund for victims of the 2010 Gulf
A memorial to 30 Britons killed in a Tunisian beach attack is to be built in Birmingham.
The Mystery Plays are to return to York Minster in 2016, 16 years after the last performance.
A satellite that was lost just months after launch has provided the most detailed X-ray image of a galaxy cluster ever taken.
Apple is facing a court case in Australia over claims that its new iPad is 4G compatible.
(Close): The Dow Jones closed at a record high for the second day in a row, despite the US economy growing at a faster pace than previously thought.
Police in the Italian port of Trieste have seized 781 shotguns being illegally imported from Turkey.
Survivors of the Buchenwald concentration camp have marked the 70th anniversary of its liberation by US troops.
More than 100 environmental activists were killed last year for opposing projects such as mining and logging, according to a report.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) group has killed at least 42 people in an attack on two villages in Syria's Hama province, activists say.
A 14-year-old rugby league player has died after suffering a head injury during a game in West Yorkshire.
Three young cranes have taken to the skies for the first time in the South West of England.
Chapecoense have won their first game since 28 people died in a plane crash in November.
An Australian couple who lost three children in the MH17 air disaster have welcomed a baby girl.
Thai authorities have released 100 people who were detained after last week's coup, the army says.
Spider-Man is finally joining the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
No evidence of historic child sex abuse on the scale of Rotherham has been found in Leicestershire, police have said.
The families of 21 people killed in the Birmingham pub bombings are hoping inquests into the attacks will resume.
Londoners are being urged to remember the victims of the 7/7 terror attacks as the city marks the anniversary.
About 100 people have been evacuated from their homes after a fire broke out at a tower block in west London.
The first of a new generation of electricity pylons has been erected in England.
A biscuit factory which employs 342 people is to close, with the loss of all the jobs.
A £1bn tidal power scheme has been given the go-ahead by the owners of the land where it will be built.
At least 10 people have been killed in two bomb attacks in south-eastern Turkey, officials say.
Nationwide has reported its best ever half year of mortgage lending, with gross lending up 14% on last year.
Lou Pearlman, the former music mogul who managed the Backstreet Boys and NSync, has died aged 62.
Two Iraqi men who were awarded Â£150,000 in damages from the UK government are to be investigated by military police.
Up to 800 jobs could be lost as a result of the merger of Standard Life and Aberdeen Asset Management.
The Ospreys have reported their first profit since 2009, ending a run of six consecutive losses.
Police have arrested 11 people after a protest over the death of an unarmed black man in New York turned violent.
The number of life-threatening 999 calls being responded to within eight minutes has increased by 1.5%, figures have shown.
Exeter Chiefs lock Geoff Parling has signed a deal to join Australian Super Rugby side Melbourne Rebels in 2018.
A third person has died following a crash on the M9 in West Lothian.
Bus drivers in West and North Yorkshire are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay.
Bellwether seats are constituencies which have a history of voting for the winning party in general elections.
A power station which has provided electricity to the Midlands for 47 years has been switched off for the final time.
Singapore has reported its first locally transmitted cases of the Zika virus, which has been linked to birth defects.
The funeral of a helicopter pilot who died in the Super Puma crash in Norway is to take place in Aberdeenshire.
The Mexican government has agreed to carry out a new search for 43 students who disappeared in Guerrero state in September 2014.
A medical diagnostics company owned by engineering firm Renishaw has been put into administration with the loss of 30 jobs.
Bath have re-signed England internationals Jonathan Joseph and Anthony Watson on contracts that will keep them at the club until 2020.
A suicide bomber has killed at least 10 people at a checkpoint near a US military base in Afghanistan, officials say.
A 22-year-old musician has died after falling into the River Clyde in Glasgow.
Northern Ireland fans will be able to apply for tickets for the Euro 2016 finals in France from 12 December.
Former Barcelona and Real Madrid player Luis Figo has pulled out of the race to become Fifa president in May.
Taylor Swift has removed her album 1989 from Apple Music ahead of the service's launch next week.
Renewable energy output in Scotland has increased by 45.5% in the first three months of 2012, according to new figures.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day just above the flat line, with Lloyds Banking Group the biggest faller.
Chinese clubs could be forced to pay a 100% tax on the transfer of players over the age of 24.
Serbian police have arrested 17 people in connection with a corruption scandal involving the misuse of EU funds.
New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum has broken the record for the fastest Test century, set by Sir Viv Richards in 1986.
Michael Dunlop has set a new lap record in the Lightweight class at the 2016 Manx Grand Prix.
The BBC has extended its deal to show the ATP World Tour Finals until 2019.
Pinewood Studios has won the right to expand its site in Buckinghamshire by 50%.
A drug used to treat heart conditions has been added to the list of banned substances for 2017.
Shares in fashion retailer Ted Baker have jumped 10% after it reported strong sales growth in the first half of the year.
A man who murdered a cyclist with his car after a row with his ex-partner has been jailed for life.
Glastonbury Festival will return to its home in Somerset in 2019, organisers have confirmed.
At least 30 people have been killed in fighting between Myanmar's army and ethnic rebels in the north-east of the country.
Bath have re-signed Wales fly-half Rhys Priestland for the 2016-17 season.
Former Olympic athlete and world record holder Ron Hill has celebrated 52 years of running by completing a parkrun.
European amateurs retained the Curtis Cup with a thrilling final-day fightback against the United States.
Scientists have created a 3D digital model of the human brain that is 100 times more detailed than previous models.
Wolves striker Nouha Dicko has signed a new contract at Molineux until 2020.
A 14-year-old girl from Leeds has been named as one of the victims of the Manchester Arena attack.
A campaign to save a Grade I listed building which was badly damaged by fire has been launched.
Health ministers from West Africa have agreed to work together to tackle the worst outbreak of Ebola in history.
A coroner has said he will adjourn the inquest into the Glenanne gang murders for up to six months.
The Philippines has held a memorial service for 44 police officers killed in a clash with Muslim rebels.
Boston has become the third city to officially launch a bid to host the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games.
Apple has reported its first fall in iPhone sales for 15 years, but still managed to post record profits.
A 400-mile power cable linking Scotland and Norway has been given the go-ahead by energy regulator Ofgem.
A 10m-wide hole in a busy Manchester road will remain closed for up to 10 days, the council has said.
The Bank of Scotland has unveiled a new polymer £10 note featuring a steam train crossing the Glenfinnan Viaduct.
The number of people aged 75 and over who use the internet has risen by 10% in the past year, according to official figures.
About 100 pupils were sent to a "learning suite" at a school in Flintshire for breaching the uniform policy.
A 15-year-old boy has been found guilty of murdering a schoolboy who was stabbed outside his north London school.
Honda's F1 chief Yasuhisa Arai has left the company after less than two years in the role.
The average FTSE 100 chief executive is paid 123 times more than the average worker, according to the Trades Union Congress.
Wales boss Chris Coleman is against the idea of a British football team competing at the Olympics.
The man who offered to be extradited to the US if Chelsea Manning's sentence was commuted has said he stands by his offer.
Stephen Fry has joined a campaign to save Soho from "destruction" by the planned Crossrail 2.
Spike Lee and Werner Herzog are among the filmmakers whose work will be premiered at the 2016 Sundance Film Festival.
The number of mortgages taken out by homebuyers in the UK rose by 8% last year, according to the Council of Mortgage Lenders.
Brazilians have been reacting with surprise and humour to the news that WhatsApp will be blocked in the country for 48 hours.
Cricket Scotland has been named as the winner of the 2015 International Cricket Council's Development Programme Award.
Lyon have filed a complaint after a banner with sexist messages was displayed by fans during their women's football match on Sunday.
Australia's first Test against India in Brisbane has been postponed following the death of batsman Phillip Hughes.
Police have charged two men as part of an investigation into historical child sex abuse in Scottish football.
Motherwell have held talks with former Rangers manager Mark Warburton about the vacant manager's job at Fir Park.
At least 28 migrants have died in the Mediterranean, Italian officials say, as more than 10,000 people were rescued from the sea.
Ireland winger Keith Earls will be available for the Test against New Zealand on 6 November after a two-week ban.
A fresh search for a missing Donegal girl has been carried out after a psychic said he had a vision of where she was buried.
Sharp has unveiled a 4K display that it says is the world's first for a smartphone.
Liverpool have completed the double signing of Mamadou Sakho and Tiago Ilori from Paris St-Germain and Sporting Lisbon.
Two Pembrokeshire police officers are accused of fraudulently claiming overtime payments.
A taxi driver has said he "went into complete shock" after discovering he had won £1m on the lottery.
The Euro 2016 final was the most-watched TV programme of the year so far, according to overnight ratings.
The death toll from the collapse of a garment factory in Bangladesh has risen to 610, officials say.
The East Midlands Ambulance Service (EMAS) has warned it could run out of money by the end of March.
Australian police have arrested a 22-year-old man at Sydney airport as he was about to board a flight to Turkey.
Campaigners have protested against plans for 120 homes near a nature reserve where red squirrels are being protected.
At least 25 people have been killed after a cargo plane crashed in South Sudan's capital, Juba.
A man has denied murdering a teenager who was found dead in a car park 32 years ago.
McLaren have signed British Formula 3 driver Lando Norris as their development driver for 2017.
A fire at a care home has left 16 people needing hospital treatment.
A group of railway workers had to cling to a bridge parapet to avoid being hit by a train, a report has found.
Nyquist became the first horse since 2002 to win the Kentucky Derby unbeaten.
A 12-year-old boy has died at a Scout jamboree in Finland.
Shares in DFS Furniture have plunged by more than 20% after the company warned of a sharp fall in profits.
Former world champion boxer Frank Bruno has said he wants to return to the ring at the age of 55.
West Brom have agreed a £15m deal to sign Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho.
US comedian and civil rights activist Dick Gregory has died at the age of 84.
Swiss voters have rejected a proposal to limit executive pay to 12 times the salary of the lowest-paid worker.
A plane was forced to abort its landing at Manchester Airport on Sunday as it was buffeted by strong winds.
A pharmacist who accidentally killed a woman by giving her the wrong medication has been given a suspended jail sentence.
Peter Trego has called for a clampdown on social media abuse after receiving "abusive" messages following Somerset's T20 defeat.
Kevin Pietersen should be recalled for England's World Twenty20 squad, says former captain Michael Vaughan.
A service has been held in Hull to mark the 35th anniversary of the end of the Falklands War.
A man who killed a 19-year-old woman in a crash while driving at 140mph has been jailed for 10 years.
A Brazilian court has sentenced Pele's son Edinho to 22 years and 10 months in prison for money laundering.
At least 18 Maoist rebels have been killed in an operation by Indian security forces in the central state of Chhattisgarh, officials say.
Leicester Tigers captain Tom Youngs has expressed his concerns over a proposed 10-month rugby season.
Queen's University Belfast (QUB) has dropped 12 places in the latest global university rankings.
The family of a man shot dead in a feud over a hedge have welcomed a police review of the case.
A Bangladesh club side conceded 80 runs in an over in a domestic match after their bowler was forced to bowl a series of wides.
Crime on the rail network in Wales has fallen by 13% in the last year, according to the British Transport Police.
The Thames Barrier has been closed 51 times this year, breaking the previous record of 50.
ScotRail passengers with annual or monthly season tickets will get a "free week" of travel in 2017, the Scottish government has announced.
Matt Lucas is to return to Doctor Who for the show's 10th series.
France defender Raphael Varane has been ruled out of Euro 2016 after suffering a hamstring injury in Real Madrid's Champions League semi-final
Elderly patients who have broken hips are more likely to die if they are operated on more than 24 hours after admission to hospital, research suggests.
Ebbsfleet United extended their unbeaten run to 11 games as they drew with Maidenhead United.
A man who raped and attacked three women over a 17-year period has been jailed for at least five years.
A police dog was deliberately run over by officers after it escaped from a hunt, a review has concluded.
Nottingham Forest striker Ben Brereton has signed a new contract that will keep him at the Championship club until 2021.
Australian Olympic sprinting legend Betty Cuthbert has died at the age of 79.
About 1,000 Bolivian soldiers have protested in the capital, La Paz, against what they say is discrimination within the armed forces.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher on Friday, but shares in Capita continued to fall after the company issued a profit warning.
A rare species of water vole is being reintroduced to the Yorkshire Dales after a 50-year absence.
Northampton Saints have handed new contracts to 10 academy players, including fly-half Harry Mallinder.
Roger Federer has extended his record as the longest-serving player at the Swiss Indoors tournament in Basel.
Actress Deddie Davies, who starred in Stella and The Railway Children, has died at the age of 77.
A councillor has called for an investigation into whether the water supply in a Highland area is linked to skin complaints.
Walt Disney has agreed to sell its Miramax film division to a group of investors for $660m (Â£410m).
Jonathan Rea won the opening race of the 2017 World Superbike season in Australia.
The number of people visiting Northern Ireland for holidays and short breaks has increased by 3% in 2015.
The Ministry of Defence has dropped 58 cases of alleged abuse by British troops in Iraq.
The HPV vaccine, which was developed in Australia, has the potential to eradicate cancers caused by the human papilloma virus (HPV), a researcher says
A £10m government grant has been announced to help protect the Ironbridge Gorge in Shropshire.
The number of babies in Scotland being breastfed has remained at a similar level over the last decade, according to new figures.
The 2015 World Cup starts on 14 February with hosts Australia taking on New Zealand in the first match.
Scotland flanker Alasdair Strokosch has announced his retirement from international rugby.
Council tax in Stoke-on-Trent could rise by 3% in April, the authority has said.
Adam Yauch, one of the founding members of the Beastie Boys, has died at the age of 47.
Four weightlifters who won medals at the 2012 London Olympics have failed retests of their samples for banned substances.
Brazilian prosecutors have charged 19 people with qualified homicide over the collapse of a mine dam in Minas Gerais state.
British Summer Time starts on Sunday 27 March 2016.
Police searching for a man who went missing 25 years ago have found a "significant item" in their investigation.
The EU has agreed a new set of data protection rules that will affect all companies that hold data on European citizens.
Flybe has reported its first annual loss since 2009, but said it was on track to return to profit in the current year.
A DJ who was a regular at Glastonbury and other music festivals has gone missing in Bristol.
Hate crimes against transgender people in London have risen by 25% in the past year, according to Metropolitan Police figures.
British Olympic dressage champion Charlotte Dujardin says she wants to enjoy every moment with her horse Valegro at Rio 2016.
A petition calling for the reintroduction of traffic wardens in Hawick has been backed by Scottish Borders Council.
Libyan authorities have agreed to temporarily freeze a controversial travel ban imposed on women in the east of the country.
German sprinter Marcel Kittel has been forced to abandon the Tour de France after crashing on stage 17.
Darren Sammy has been appointed West Indies Test captain for the series against Pakistan in the United Arab Emirates.
Former Pink Floyd singer and songwriter Roger Waters has been awarded £5,000 in travel costs after his sex assault trial.
The medals for the Rio 2016 Olympics have been unveiled, with organisers saying they are the "most sustainable" in history.
A school which was built with money left by a 17th Century landowner is to close.
A French-owned call centre company is to create 500 jobs in Enniskillen.
Tyrone manager Mickey Harte has confirmed that he will remain in charge of the county for the 2016 season.
Chelsea have signed Leicester City and England midfielder Danny Drinkwater for £35m.
The number of children in north Wales who have been reported to police for sending explicit images of themselves has risen by 1,000% in two years.
Girls are more likely to suffer from anxiety about maths than boys, a study has suggested.
A trade union has reached an agreement in principle with North Lanarkshire Council over equal pay claims.
Inter Milan have sacked manager Frank de Boer after just 85 days in charge of the Serie A club.
Mickey Rourke has returned to the ring for the first time in 14 years, winning a heavyweight bout in Moscow.
The Tories have won the Gower seat in Swansea for the first time in 90 years.
A report into the causes of flooding in Cockermouth last December has been published.
A variable speed limit system is to be introduced on the M4 in Newport in a bid to ease congestion.
A new exhibition marking the 30th anniversary of the miners' strike is to open at a former pit.
UK car production fell in October, but exports to the EU and other markets continued to rise.
Airbus has reported a 4% rise in third quarter profits as it increased sales of its commercial aircraft.
Plymouth Albion chairman Chris Webb-Stevens says the club can now "crack on" with plans to build a new stadium.
Police have been called to a Glasgow polling station after 10 suspicious ballot papers were found.
The Lord Mayor of London is leading a parade of more than 7,000 people through the streets of London to mark his inauguration.
The government is to investigate the circumstances surrounding the termination of a £800m NHS contract in Cambridgeshire.
Carole King will play the 2016 BBC Radio 2 Proms in Hyde Park on 3 July.
Radio 1 is launching a new channel on BBC iPlayer, featuring a range of exclusive content.
The number of people claiming unemployment-related benefits in Northern Ireland has fallen by 1,000 in the last month.
Glasgow Warriors captain Peter Murchie has signed a new contract to stay at Scotstoun until 2017.
The University of Wales Trinity St David has said it hopes its new £30m broadcasting centre will be 60% full within two months.
Chinese police have arrested 100 people suspected of looting ancient tombs in the country's north-east.
The venom of the platypus contains a hormone that could help treat diabetes, Australian researchers have discovered.
Bristol City have signed Republic of Ireland winger Callum O'Dowda from Oxford United for an initial fee of £750,000.
The 40th anniversary of former US President Jimmy Carter's visit to Newcastle is being marked.
Londoners will pay the same fares on buses, tubes and trains for the next two years, Mayor Sadiq Khan has announced.
Mike Brown could replace Chris Ashton in England's Six Nations squad if the Saracens winger fails in his appeal against a 10-week ban.
The government has announced plans to build a new 18 mile stretch of the A14 in Cambridgeshire and charge drivers to use it.
Woking extended their winless run to 10 games as they were held by Gateshead at the International Stadium.
Police investigating the disappearance of a teenager 13 years ago have searched land in Staffordshire.
Barcelona have made a third bid of £114m for Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho, BBC Sport understands.
The last commemorative £1 coin to be struck before the round coin is phased out has been designed by the Bishop of St Asaph.
Manchester City's Yaya Toure has been named the BBC African Footballer of the Year for 2015.
Staff at a Portsmouth prison have said goodbye to the site as it prepares to close.
At least 20 people have been killed in a road accident in the Central African Republic, officials say.
A man who was banned from parts of Birmingham for links to "gun or gang crime" has been jailed for 16 years.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone has been indicted by a German prosecutor over a £40m payment in 2006.
St Helens have named an unchanged squad for their Super League semi-final against Catalans Dragons at Langtree Park on Saturday.
Sally Conway became the first British woman to win an Olympic judo medal since 1992 by taking bronze in Rio.
A Christian teacher who was suspended for refusing to use a rainbow lanyard has been awarded Â£10,000 in damages.
Boeing has reported a 27% rise in third-quarter profits, helped by strong demand for its commercial aircraft.
Australia were bowled out for 107 in their first innings on day one of the second Test against South Africa in Hobart.
Norman Hudis, the writer of the first six Carry On films, has died aged 93.
The logo for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics has been unveiled after a second competition.
At least 15 people have been killed in a twin bomb attack on a hotel in Somalia's capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
A 21-year-old British man has been arrested in Hong Kong on suspicion of murdering two women.
Chinese farmers have created a 3D optical illusion on a rice paddy field, in a bid to attract more tourists.
The Syrian government has agreed to a UN-brokered ceasefire that is due to come into effect at 00:01 GMT on Saturday.
A 17-year-old girl has become the first pupil at her school to join the RNLI as a volunteer.
A rare species of birch tree, which is under threat in the wild, has been grown for the first time in the UK.
The leaders of Wales' four main political parties have set out their stalls for the 2016 election year.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright says his side are having a "not too bad" season despite their 1-0 win over Inverness.
A US rugby league has criticised Pro12 for trying to expand into the American market.
A police force that dates back to the 13th Century has been given its powers back after 80 years.
A public inquiry has begun into plans to demolish 250 terraced houses in Liverpool.
Former McLaren team principal Tyler Alexander has died at the age of 82.
A former Thai army general has been sentenced to 62 years in prison for his role in a human trafficking ring.
A man who was given a kidney by his best friend of 10 years has said he feels "lucky" to have the organ.
A memorial event has been held to mark the second anniversary of the death of a pregnant teenager.
Wales lock Luke Charteris is a doubt for Racing 92's Top 14 match against Grenoble on Saturday.
A soldier who killed a fellow serviceman in a street attack has been jailed for life with a minimum term of 20 years.
BBC Radio 3 has announced a new jazz show, fronted by British rapper and singer Rodney P.
A new exhibition has opened at Newcastle's Discovery Museum to mark the 130th anniversary of the Hoppings funfair.
At least 20 people have been killed in a suicide attack in the Afghan capital, Kabul, officials say.
The signing of a tripartite free trade agreement between three African trade blocs has been hailed as a major step forward.
A Cornish MP is to vote against a rise in VAT to 20% when the measure is put to the House of Commons on Monday.
BT has taken a £530m charge to cover the cost of an investigation into its Italian business.
A silent film about the herring fishing industry is to be screened with a live soundtrack in several Scottish locations.
The London Taxi Company has secured a deal to sell 400 black cabs to Saudi Arabia.
The World Expo 2015 has opened in Milan, Italy, with a ceremony attended by 150 world leaders.
South Korea's spy agency tried to influence the 2012 presidential election, an internal investigation has found.
The Royal Regiment of Scotland has marked its 10th anniversary with a parade through Edinburgh.
Kate Winslet has said she was "thrilled" to be nominated for a Golden Globe for her role in Steve Jobs.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) is to close 62 branches in Scotland, putting 176 jobs at risk.
The novelist and poet Sarah Dunant has died at the age of 64 after a short illness.
A 29-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a 58-year-old man in County Antrim.
Scottish butchers are preparing to export haggis to the US if a ban on the product is lifted.
Scientists have discovered a way to see in 3D using just one eye.
Sebastian Vettel has signed a new contract to remain at Ferrari until the end of 2020.
Five new railway stations are to be built as part of a government scheme to improve access to the rail network.
The leader of Swansea council has said he is "confident" the city's £500m waterfront development will go ahead.
A second 24-hour Tube strike has been called by the Transport Salaried Staffs' Association (TSSA) union.
A new railway station in Ceredigion could be built for the first time in more than 50 years.
A Great Yarmouth-based marine services company has been bought by a Dutch firm for £50m.
Southampton have signed Chelsea midfielder Oriol Romeu on a four-year deal for a fee of £12m.
The new probation system is failing to meet its targets and is under-performing in 29 out of 37 areas, a report has found.
Manchester United's £36m signing Anthony Martial has been described as "absolutely magnificent" by Martin Keown.
A re-enactment of the Battle of Stamford Bridge is being held to mark the 950th anniversary of the clash.
The first gas has been produced from the Alder field in the North Sea, 40 years after it was discovered.
Scientists in Peru have used 3D technology to reconstruct the face of a high-status woman who lived 1,700 years ago.
It's the biggest sporting event of the year and it's also the perfect opportunity to get your puns in.
Double Olympic silver medallist Becky James has announced her retirement from cycling at the age of 26.
Daniel Ricciardo says he will not be joining Ferrari next season, despite speculation linking him with the team.
The NHS is to cap the amount it pays agencies for nurses and doctors at 55% above the cost of a shift.
Peregrine falcons have been breeding at the top of a 19-storey tower block in Ipswich for the third year running.
Mobile phone giant Vodafone has pulled out of talks to sponsor the London Stadium, home of West Ham United.
The Treasury is to ask government departments to find £20bn of savings over the next five years.
A 17th Century garden in Denbighshire which was once the private playground of a Marcher Lord is to be restored.
Plans for a £100m leisure extension at Sheffield's Meadowhall shopping centre have been submitted.
Former Cabinet minister Francis Maude has announced he will not stand for re-election in 2020.
At least 15 people have been killed in a fire at a petrol tanker in north-west Pakistan, officials say.
A grandmother whose Christmas presents were stolen by burglars has been overwhelmed by the generosity of strangers.
The Scottish Conservatives have pledged to restore 140,000 college places lost since 2007.
A man who has lived for 30 years with a heart-lung transplant has been recognised as the world's longest surviving recipient.
French police are investigating whether Russian hackers were behind the attack on TV5 Monde in April, French media report.
Currys PC World has been told to ensure it does not mislead customers about the availability of 4K content in future adverts.
Food company Bernard Matthews is to close its turkey processing plant in Lincolnshire with the loss of 80 jobs.
BBC Radio 2 presenter Ken Bruce has paid tribute to his friend Cilla Black on his Sunday morning show.
Women over 30 should be doing at least 30 minutes of exercise a day to reduce their risk of heart disease, say researchers.
A 20-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a teenager at a caravan park in Porthcawl.
A Sheffield councillor has resigned after 13 years in the role to spend more time with his family.
Plans for a £200m revamp of Exeter's High Street have been given the go-ahead by the city council.
Kenyan authorities say they are hunting a gang of 10 suspected poachers who killed 15 elephants and their keepers.
Greece's parliament has approved a 2016 budget that includes €8bn in cuts and tax increases.
Britain's Kelly Sotherton has announced she will attempt to make the London 2012 Olympics in the heptathlon.
A 15-year-old girl has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in Essex.
Lincolnshire Police is to sell its headquarters in the city centre, the force's new chief constable has said.
A hospital trust has apologised after sending out 850 letters to patients with cancer information leaflets intended for people with back pain.
The Specials drummer John "Brad" Bradbury has died at the age of 62.
Japanese football legend Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a new contract to keep him playing until he is 50.
The Northern Ireland Executive has announced an extra £50m for health.
A judge has ruled that a decision by Sajid Javid to block plans for 1,000 homes in Newmarket was unlawful.
Martyn Irvine has been named BBC Northern Ireland's Sports Personality of the Year for 2013.
At least 11 people have been killed in an attack on a military base in south-east Turkey, officials say.
A public inquiry has begun into a plan to build 400 homes on a site in Kent which has been opposed by residents for 10 years.
The experiences of older people living in care homes in Wales are to be examined in a review.
The UK government is considering delaying a review of S4C's funding until 2018, the BBC has learned.
A major engineering project to upgrade a railway tunnel in Glasgow will see services diverted for 14 weeks.
Australia has returned 46 Vietnamese asylum seekers who were intercepted at sea in July.
Marc Marquez won the San Marino Grand Prix to extend his lead at the top of the MotoGP standings.
Red Bull have abandoned plans to use Mercedes engines in 2016, according to team boss Christian Horner.
Two brothers who have won 52 caps between them for England have been honoured by the club where they started their careers.
The world's oldest person, an Italian woman, has died at the age of 117, her doctor has confirmed.
Scarlets hooker Ken Owens says Racing 92 are the best team in Europe after their 52-point win over the Welsh region.
Councils are being offered Â£250m to return to weekly bin collections, the government has announced.
Sir Christopher Lee is to release a new album of heavy metal songs, aged 92.
The number of children in Wales being admitted to hospital with type 1 diabetes has risen by 50% in five years, research suggests.
A schoolgirl who nearly drowned in a swimming pool was let down by a teacher and a lifeguard, a judge has ruled.
Chelsea striker Radamel Falcao has been included in the Blues' 25-man Champions League squad for the second half of the season.
The Grand National field has been reduced to 40 runners after the handicapper cut 10 horses.
Actor Geoffrey Hughes, best known for his role in Coronation Street, has died aged 75.
The number of women being diagnosed with lung cancer in Scotland has risen by more than 90% in 40 years, according to new figures.
The cost of filling up a typical family car has risen by Â£3 in the past month, according to the RAC.
Lancashire beat Hampshire by an innings and 10 runs to record their first win of the County Championship season.
A 10ft-tall sculpture of a man lying in a river was mistaken for a drowning victim by a concerned member of the public.
Solihull Moors moved up to second in the National League with a narrow win at Bromley.
Archaeologists have uncovered the remains of 10 people in a burial ground in Brighton.
A man who suffered 17 cardiac arrests has been given a second chance at life after paramedics shocked his heart 17 times.
A lorry carrying 28 tonnes of milk has overturned on the M4 near Cardiff.
A 12-year-old girl has written an open letter to the burglars who stole her birthday presents.
A vitamin could be used to treat infections caused by the superbug MRSA, say US researchers.
Suffolk's fire service could lose 50 jobs as part of £1.3m savings.
The number of babies born addicted to drugs has risen by 50% in some parts of England over the past five years.
Ulster have appointed Jono Gibbes as their new head coach for the 2016-17 season.
Great Britain's Nicola Wilson has won individual eventing silver at the Rio Olympics.
David Warner hit a 100-ball century as Australia drew the third Test against the West Indies in Sydney.
A charity has launched a "reality TV defence kit" to help communities avoid being filmed for programmes like Benefits Street.
The Liberal Democrats and Labour have been accused of squabbling like a "marriage that's on the rocks" after a row over Brexit.
Tyson Fury's WBO heavyweight title has been offered to Joseph Parker, who is set to fight WBC number one contender Hughie Fury.
More than 20 Jewish community centres in the US have received bomb threats, according to the JCC Association of North America.
A report by the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights says the bodies of 43 missing Mexican students were not incinerated.
A plan to build 150 homes in the Cairngorms National Park has been refused by the park authority.
Section 60 stop and search powers were used in Colchester town centre after a "large group" of people were involved in a fight.
Sergio Perez has signed a new contract to stay with Force India for the 2017 season.
A 15-year-old girl has died after being swept into the sea off a North Tyneside pier.
The number of livestock worrying incidents in Scotland has risen by 44% in the past year, according to Police Scotland.
The Liberal Democrat peer Lord Avebury has died at the age of 87.
Ghostbusters could be getting a whole new franchise, according to the director of the original 1984 movie.
A man has admitted murdering a primary school teacher he met on a dating website.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Thursday, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average breaking through the 20,000 mark for the first time.
A £5 coin has been issued to mark the first birthday of Prince George.
The chief constable of Northumbria Police is retiring after 30 years in the force.
A vigil has been held in Cardiff to remember the 17 people killed in the Paris terror attacks.
The new plastic £5 note is being welcomed with a shrug in Northern Ireland.
A factory producing 10 million cigarettes a day has been shut down in Birmingham.
Downton Abbey has been commissioned for a sixth series, ITV has announced.
More than 1,000 photographs have gone on display in Bristol as part of the 24 Hours in Photography exhibition.
Glasgow's Burrell Collection is to reopen in 2020 after a £66m revamp.
A river restoration project has seen salmon return to a Cumbrian stream for the first time in 100 years.
The conductor and musicologist Christopher Hogwood has died at the age of 77.
Airbus has said it will cut production of its A380 superjumbo by a third from 2018.
The government is to invest £15m in cultural projects in the north of England, it has been announced.
The number of people moving home in the UK rose by 10% in the year to March, according to official figures.
Teaching assistants in Northumberland are to stage a 24-hour strike on 14 June in a dispute over pay.
Singapore's Asian Civilisation Museum is returning a 10th Century Indian bronze sculpture to India.
A 17-year-old girl has been shot dead in Pennsylvania while driving on a busy road.
The inquests into the deaths of 11 men in the Shoreham air crash will not begin until late 2017 at the earliest.
The 2018 Irish Open will be held at Ballyliffin in County Donegal, it has been announced.
A school has closed for two days after more than 20% of its pupils and staff were struck down by a sickness bug.
A Zimbabwean radio station which broadcast from the UK to its home country has closed after 15 years.
Pakistan have been given permission to play in the World Twenty20 in India in March.
Former Peterborough United manager Barry Fry has paid tribute to his "good friend" Graham Turner, who has died aged 74.
Australian art expert Betty Churcher has died aged 85 after a long battle with cancer.
More than 60 prisoners have escaped from a jail in Papua New Guinea's second largest city, Lae.
Ruben Aguirre, the Mexican actor who played Professor Jirafales in the children's TV series El Chavo del Ocho, has died aged
A search for a man who went missing 16 years ago is under way in Dublin.
Formula 1 will not use double points in the championship in 2015, after a unanimous vote by the sport's key stakeholders.
British Swimming performance director Michael Scott has resigned after a review of the sport's performance at London 2012.
(Close): Shares in Old Mutual fell more than 10% after the South African-focused insurer reported a fall in profits.
Taylor Swift's Shake It Off has been banned from the Triple J Hottest 100 of 2014.
Renault will make a decision on its future in Formula 1 by the end of the year, according to the company's chairman.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower on Wednesday, with pharmaceutical companies among the biggest fallers.
BBC Three has lost the rights to broadcast new episodes of Family Guy after 2014.
Sir Paul McCartney has topped the Sunday Times Rich List of music millionaires for the second year running.
Former drug smuggler Howard Marks has died at the age of 68.
A fire on a bus carrying 50 German tourists in Bavaria has killed 18 people and injured 30 others.
Israel has postponed a vote on approving 500 new homes in West Bank settlements, amid a row with the US.
A 15-year-old boy who raped two girls and sexually assaulted three others has been given a three-year youth rehabilitation order.
A burglar has stolen a collection of medals dating back to World War Two.
The city of Eugene in the United States has defended its role in the bidding process for the 2021 World Athletics Championships.
The last surviving secretary of Nazi propaganda chief Joseph Goebbels has died at the age of 106.
At least 60 people have been killed in a bomb attack in Baghdad, officials say.
British badminton players are determined to end a 12-year wait for a world medal at the 2017 World Championships.
Russian police have arrested 10 people suspected of being members of the Aum Shinrikyo cult, Russian media report.
Germany should consider raising the retirement age to 70, the Bundesbank has said.
Police in North Dakota have arrested 141 people protesting against the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline.
A man who fled court after being convicted of sexually assaulting a woman in a Kent park has been jailed for 10 years.
The Rugby Players' Association (RPA) has criticised plans to extend the Premiership season by two months from 2019-20.
Police are investigating more than 20 incidents of vandalism to cars in north Edinburgh.
A bike-sharing scheme in Dumfries has been described as an "embarrassment" after it attracted just 2,270 hires in two years
A man has appeared in court accused of murdering his sister in a house in St Andrews.
Online supermarket Ocado has reported its first annual profit since it was founded in 2000.
Chris Coleman's side can qualify for Euro 2016 with two games to spare, but full-back Chris Gunter is not getting carried away.
Lewis Hamilton says he is not worried about being 17 points behind Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg in the Formula 1 world championship.
A £10m research project aimed at developing renewable energy technologies has been launched.
A 40-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences in Crawley, West Sussex.
A man who sexually abused a girl from the age of six has been jailed for 10 years.
The word "binge-watch" has been named as one of the Collins Dictionary's words of the year for 2015.
British Rowing have named a 24-strong squad for the World Rowing Championships in Sarasota-Bradenton, Florida.
A team of archaeologists and aviation historians have unearthed the remains of a Battle of Britain Spitfire in County Monaghan.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong for celebrations marking 20 years since the city's handover from British to Chinese rule.
At least 120 people have been killed in a series of bomb attacks in Syria, state media say.
A slump in the global recycling market has cost Welsh councils more than £1m in lost income.
Hampshire spinner Liam Dawson has been called up to the England squad for the first time since last summer.
The £18bn Hinkley Point nuclear power plant has been formally signed off by the UK and French governments.
The number of calls to a military helpline from serving troops has risen by 94% in the past two years, a charity has said.
A soldier who was shot in the head in Afghanistan in 2012 has been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
Coca cultivation in Colombia has risen by 50% in a year, according to the UN.
At least 102 people have died in a stampede at a Hindu temple in the southern Indian state of Kerala, officials say.
A 700-year-old bridge in Rochdale has been re-opened to the public after being buried for more than 100 years.
The Duke of Cambridge and Prince Harry have visited a garden at Kensington Palace to mark the 20th anniversary of their mother's death.
Gillingham have signed Brighton midfielder David Crofts on loan until the end of the season.
Bestselling author Jackie Collins has died at the age of 77 after a battle with breast cancer.
Aston Villa have been taken over by Chinese businessman Tony Xia for a fee of £76m.
A volunteer who helped restore a 12th Century castle in Ceredigion has resigned after 30 years.
A free school rated "outstanding" by the prime minister has been rated "inadequate" by Ofsted.
Winds of up to 70mph are expected to hit Wales on Tuesday, the Met Office has warned.
A derelict football ground in Stoke-on-Trent is to be transformed into a housing estate.
Claudia Winkleman is to step down as host of BBC One's The One Show Film Club after just one series.
A computer has been taught to watch football and pick out the best bits.
Australia beat India by 30 runs in the fourth one-day international in Canberra to move closer to a series whitewash.
Frenchman Pierre Rolland won stage 15 of the Giro d'Italia to claim his first grand tour victory since 2013.
Former Israeli President Shimon Peres has died at the age of 93.
A lifeboat station has been declared off service after 12 volunteer crew members resigned in protest at the dismissal of their coxswain.
Atletico Madrid manager Diego Simeone has signed a contract extension until 2018.
Austria has said it will limit the number of asylum seekers it accepts from 1 January.
Michel Platini has been banned from all football-related activity for 90 days by Fifa's ethics committee.
Airlines must pay compensation to passengers for delays of three hours or more, a judge has ruled.
The Welsh Government has accused Network Rail of telling it it would take 28 years to get the rail network in Wales up to standard.
The National Crime Agency (NCA) has released the names of 10 British fugitives it wants to catch in Spain.
The government has been accused of "abandoning" residents of north London who will face "decades of blight" from HS2 construction.
Plans have been lodged for a 700-bed student accommodation scheme in Belfast city centre.
A conservation body has told a public inquiry it cannot support the preferred route for a new M4 motorway in south east Wales.
League Two side Wycombe Wanderers have been drawn away to League One side Blackpool in the FA Cup third round.
David de Gea's proposed £34m move from Manchester United to Real Madrid has been delayed by a technicality.
A collection of 150-year-old prams and other items from a Nottingham company has sold for more than double its estimate.
The inventor of the Etch A Sketch drawing toy has died at the age of 90.
Chelsea will discover their Champions League last-16 opponents when the draw is made on Monday.
A non-league football club has returned to its home town after a seven-year absence.
A man who imported 50 weapons into Scotland has admitted a charge under the Firearms Act.
EE has unveiled a drone and a balloon that it says could help it provide mobile coverage in remote areas.
Scientists have discovered the fossil of a 45-million-year-old tomato.
A grandfather who murdered his 10-month-old granddaughter has been jailed for life.
Roma captain Francesco Totti has signed a new contract to remain at the club until he is 39.
A majority of Northern Ireland business leaders want the UK to remain in the European Union, according to a survey by the Chamber of Commerce.
Kumar Sangakkara has brought to an end a 15-year Test career with a 75 in his final innings.
A cyclist who was attempting to set a new national record for a 91-year-old has died in a crash.
The oldest carnival in Europe is celebrating its 50th anniversary with a series of events in Leeds.
Police are hunting for a thief who stole a set of 18th Century cups and saucers from a National Trust property.
Police in Scotland are investigating an allegation of historical child sex abuse against the late Labour peer Lord Janner.
Samsung Electronics has reported its lowest quarterly profit for 18 months, raising concerns about the tech giant's future.
A 95-year-old widower who said "every day is hell" has touched the hearts of thousands of listeners.
A 15th vein of Blue John has been discovered in a Peak District mine.
A man has been found guilty of murdering a 20-month-old boy in Cardiff.
The Northern Ireland-based Northstone group has reported a 27% fall in pre-tax profits for 2012.
Regular exercise can increase the size of the brain's memory centre, even in people in their 60s, say US researchers.
Three men who smuggled 20 people into the UK hidden in a lorry have been jailed for a total of 16 years.
The US government has closed its investigation into a fatal crash involving a Tesla car operating in Autopilot mode.
Google's parent company Alphabet has reported a 14% rise in revenue for the first quarter of 2015.
Coventry City came from behind to beat 10-man Millwall and move closer to securing their League One status.
Liverpool have appointed former Republic of Ireland boss Sean O'Driscoll as their new first-team coach.
The sister of a West Yorkshire schoolgirl who was murdered 20 years ago has made an emotional appeal for information.
A £10m government grant has been announced to help build a new community hospital in Bridgwater.
Ireland lost the opening Twenty20 international against Afghanistan by six wickets in India.
Blackburn Rovers have appointed former player David Dunn as their new under-21 manager.
At least 37 people have been killed in a series of bomb attacks across Iraq, officials say.
Tippi Hedren has claimed Alfred Hitchcock sexually harassed her during the filming of The Birds in 1962.
A pillow fight between US military cadets at West Point has left 19 people injured, according to reports.
A funeral has been held for a former Barnsley FC player and club employee who died at the age of 93.
Mario Balotelli has said he will "always have a very special place in my heart" for Manchester City after joining AC Milan.
Microsoft is working on a system that could replace the password as the main way to log on to a computer.
Attendances at Scottish Premiership and Championship games have reached a 10-year high.
Gian Piero Ventura has been appointed as the new Italy manager, replacing Antonio Conte.
The mother of murdered toddler James Bulger has said she does not believe his killers should be released from prison.
A driver caught doing 101mph on the M62 has been reported to the courts.
Three men in their 70s have been given awards for their bravery after they caught a burglar in the act.
Surrey have re-signed former England spinner Gareth Batty as captain for the 2016 season.
British actor Peter Cushing, best known for his role in the Hammer Horror films, has died aged 79.
Harlow is celebrating its 70th birthday with a series of events and activities.
A 16-year-old boy who stabbed a classmate to death at school has been given an extended sentence of nine years.
Police are investigating whether tennis star Venus Williams was at fault in a car crash that killed an elderly man.
Manager Mark Sampson has named a 21-player squad for England's training camp in Spain.
Kevin Pietersen smashed the fastest T20 century in South Africa as he helped Dolphins to a record-breaking win over the Knights.
The Rugby World Cup 2015 has brought an estimated £43m to the Newcastle economy, it has been claimed.
A reptile centre has taken in 24 bearded dragons after they were abandoned at a pet shop.
A number of arts projects have been awarded funding to mark the UK-India Year of Culture 2017.
A proposed £10m golf course in the Highlands has been opposed by four conservation charities.
Lancashire all-rounder Tom Smith has retired from cricket at the age of 31 because of a back injury.
UK inflation rose in January for the first time in six months, but remains at a record low.
The Scottish government has published documents which will allow work to start on a £10m improvement to a notorious stretch of the A9.
Barra Airport is celebrating its 80th anniversary.
The Garden Bridge Trust has said it will go ahead with plans to build a pedestrian crossing over the River Thames.
Nottinghamshire's bowlers toiled in the heat as Somerset reached 437 in their first innings at Trent Bridge.
A Cardiff Bay cable car could be in operation by 2020, the city's business council has said.
Scientists have made a breakthrough in the search for a cure for type 1 diabetes.
A Catholic priest from County Meath has been named on a list of 39 people who will be beatified by Pope Francis.
Italian police have arrested 13 people as part of an international anti-terrorism operation involving 10 European countries.
Volunteers are hand-rearing more than 100 baby bats that have been abandoned because of the poor weather.
Southampton City Council is to cut 300 jobs and close care homes as part of plans to save Â£30m.
Women priests are to mark the 20th anniversary of their ordination with a series of services across Wales.
A 39-year-old Swiss woman has been raped in the northern Indian state of Himachal Pradesh, police say.
France's last surviving member of the Resistance who escaped from a German jail in 1943 has died at the age of 100.
Police in Nigeria have arrested 52 men suspected of being gay at a party in the city of Lagos.
A college that went bust owing Â£10m to creditors spent Â£1,000 on Manchester United season tickets.
James Anderson has become the leading one-day international wicket-taker for England with his 235th dismissal against Sri Lanka.
Germany's economy grew by 1.9% in 2016, according to preliminary figures from the country's statistics office.
A Turkish F-4 Phantom fighter jet has crashed in southern Turkey, killing the pilot, the military says.
Lancashire Police could lose 500 officers and 200 staff as part of a Â£100m budget cut.
A council has missed a deadline to claim back £5m it was ordered to pay after banning live animal exports.
Livingston moved 10 points clear at the top of Ladbrokes League Two with a win over second-placed Brechin City.
Monty Python star and documentary-maker Michael Palin is to receive the Bafta Fellowship at this year's TV awards.
Polish director Andrzej Wajda, one of the most important film-makers of the post-war era, has died aged 89.
County Hall is set to be the venue for a special edition of University Challenge.
Barclays has reported a 10% fall in profits for the third quarter of 2015, hit by a £560m settlement with US regul
Archaeology students have uncovered the remains of a 2,000-year-old Iron Age settlement in Dorset.
The US has charged seven Iranians with hacking into the computer systems of 30 major American companies.
At least 12 people have been killed in a US drone strike in north-western Pakistan, officials say.
Iran has sentenced a US citizen to 10 years in prison on spying charges, state media report.
A £15m project to create a creative industries hub in Carmarthenshire has been dealt a blow after a funding panel recommended it be rejected.
Tom Daley won 10m platform silver at the Fina Diving World Cup in Kazan, Russia.
Northern Ireland striker Conor Washington says he is still coming to terms with his rapid rise to the Premier League.
A jockey who won the 2012 Derby has been banned from driving for 18 months after being caught drink driving while asleep.
The British Racing Drivers' Club (BRDC) has decided to keep ownership of Silverstone Circuit.
The International Olympic Committee has welcomed the idea of North Korea taking part in the 2018 Winter Olympics in South Korea.
A man arrested in connection with the murder of a schoolgirl in West Yorkshire 52 years ago has been released on bail.
A music festival featuring Sir Bob Geldof's Boomtown Rats has been cancelled just weeks before it was due to take place.
Glamorgan will be looking to sign at least one fast bowler for the 2017 season, says director of cricket Hugh Morris.
Bolivians have voted against allowing President Evo Morales to run for a fourth term in 2019.
Hampshire kept their T20 Blast quarter-final hopes alive with a comfortable win over Glamorgan at the Ageas Bowl.
A 15-mile stretch of the M4 in Berkshire is to become the first "smart" motorway in the south of England.
A plan to create 10 new marine conservation zones in Welsh waters has been scrapped.
A new investigation has been launched into the murder of a 28-year-old woman in Derbyshire in 1973.
A 20-year-old man has been charged in connection with the death of a 17-year-old girl who took a "legal high".
Portugal has approved a law granting citizenship to the descendants of Jews expelled from the country 500 years ago.
A 12-year-old boy was denied a seat on a flight from Canada to Costa Rica because the flight was overbooked.
Northern Ireland's teenagers are among the most satisfied in the world, according to a major international study.
England off-spinner Danielle Hazell has been ruled out of the Women's World Twenty20 in India with a back injury.
Welsh snowboarder Zoe Potter says she is aiming to qualify for the 2018 Winter Olympics in South Korea.
The man who carried out the 2011 Norway attacks has complained that his prison conditions are "inhumane".
The British Grand Prix was a race of two halves for Lewis Hamilton.
At least 104 people have died in floods and landslides in Indonesia's West Papua province, officials say.
A woman has told a court she was abused by a man when she was aged between five and 10.
Junior doctors in England have voted by 98% to take industrial action in a dispute over a new contract.
The Queen has thanked her followers on Twitter for their birthday wishes after she reached the age of 90.
Alliance Trust has announced a major shake-up of its management and strategy following pressure from shareholders.
More than 19 million people in China are at risk of drinking water contaminated with arsenic, according to a new study.
A protest by about 100 people has taken place outside Liverpool Town Hall over the council's budget cuts.
Boeing has unveiled a new overhead luggage bin design for its 737 aircraft that it says will allow passengers to store more hand luggage.
All 22 councils in Wales have now taken in Syrian refugees under a government scheme.
Nick Clegg has said that the UK has the highest rate of imprisonment in Western Europe.
The number of passengers claiming compensation for delays on Southern rail has risen by 50% in a year, figures have shown.
Nottingham Forest legend Kenny McGowan has warned that £13m is a lot of money for a player with only 31 appearances to his name.
US Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas has asked a question in court for the first time in nearly nine years.
The Scottish Borders is to hold a Holyrood by-election on 4 May, the Presiding Officer has confirmed.
The main parties have been reacting to the election results which saw the DUP and Sinn Féin win 28 seats each.
Microsoft has unveiled its most powerful console yet, the Xbox One X.
The brewer Brains is planning to open 50 coffee shops over the next three years.
Manchester City have completed the signing of Argentina defender Nicolas Otamendi from Valencia on a five-year deal.
A man who murdered a pensioner in Glasgow has been jailed for at least 13 years.
Jose Mourinho says some of his Manchester United players are feeling the pressure after a poor run of results.
A 15-year-old girl was left seriously injured after being hit by a car and left in the road.
Up to 70 jobs are at risk at a Lanarkshire factory that makes Tannoy loudspeakers.
Former pupils of a Belfast primary school caught up in the Holy Cross protests 15 years ago have been awarded compensation.
The full text of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf is to be published for the first time in Germany since 1945.
A military plane that crashed into the sea off Myanmar killing 122 people was brought down by bad weather, investigators say.
Newsweek has published its final print edition after 80 years.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car on the M6.
International students contribute more than £250m a year to the Scottish economy, according to a new report.
A 29-year-old man was stabbed during a fight at a gig by US rapper Wiz Khalifa in Glasgow.
England's Football Association has called on Uefa to take the "strongest possible action" against Serbia after the two sides were charged by the governing body.
More than £30m is to be spent on regeneration projects across south Wales, the Welsh government has announced.
Global energy consumption grew at its slowest rate since 2009, according to BP's annual review of the energy industry.
Nottinghamshire have re-signed Australian all-rounder Dan Christian for the 2017 T20 Blast.
A new DNA profile has been identified in the investigation into the murder of a teenager who was killed 21 years ago.
Japan's main share index fell on Monday, with Toshiba shares down more than 9% after the company announced it would cut 6,800
The BBC has been given rare access to a remote island where the remains of 19th Century prisoners are being washed away by the sea.
A man who shone a laser pen at a police helicopter has been jailed for 18 months.
Northern Ireland has been confirmed as the host of the 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games.
Footfall in four of the Scottish Borders' main towns has increased, according to the latest figures from the Scottish Retail Consortium.
The first named storm of the 2015 Atlantic hurricane season has been formed, the US National Hurricane Centre has said.
The Rugby Players' Association says England players deserve to earn £1m a year.
A song by Liverpool comedian Tommy Steele has been named the biggest-selling single of the 1960s.
A 23-year-old man who was shot dead at a party in Surrey has been named by police.
A youth bus pass scheme is to continue until a new scheme is in place, the Welsh Government has announced.
Paul Lawrie says he will have surgery on his foot in the winter in a bid to revive his flagging career.
A service has been held to remember the fallen on the centenary of the outbreak of World War One.
American golfer David Bohn has been taken to hospital after suffering a mild heart attack at the Honda Classic.
Oil prices have fallen to their lowest level since 2009, as OPEC refused to cut production.
A man who led police on a 50-minute chase at speeds of up to 100mph has been jailed.
At least 15 people have been killed in a shootout between rival drug gangs in northern Mexico, officials say.
The Walt Disney Company's 1994 animated film The Lion King has been added to the US National Film Registry.
At least 27 people have been killed in a church collapse in the southern Nigerian city of Uyo, officials say.
Ireland lost by 53 runs to Afghanistan in the second one-day international in India.
Wales striker Sam Vokes says they must beat the Republic of Ireland on Monday to keep their World Cup qualification hopes alive.
A 22-year-old man has been charged with murder following the death of a man in Glasgow.
A Romanian man who hacked into the email accounts of former US Secretary of State Colin Powell and the Bush family has been jailed for 52 months.
Radio 1 DJ Chris Moyles is to be awarded an honorary degree by the University of East Anglia (UEA).
Gambling revenue in Macau hit a record $2.36bn in December 2010, according to official figures.
Tata Steel has been fined £1m after a chemical was released at its plant in Scunthorpe.
The number of new distilleries in the UK has risen by 30% in the past year, according to a report.
Plans to expand Luton Airport to handle 30 million passengers a year have been revealed.
A man who sexually assaulted a 12-year-old girl has been jailed for 30 months.
Former Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has announced his retirement from football management at the age of 65.
High winds have caused disruption across Wales, with gusts of up to 70mph recorded.
12 Years a Slave has seen a 250% increase in ticket sales in the US following its success at the Oscars.
The number of cases of syphilis in London has risen by 163% in the last five years, according to new figures.
A global agreement has been reached to improve airline tracking systems, 18 months after the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines flight MH370.
Sale have signed former Wales and Racing 92 scrum-half Mike Phillips for the 2016-17 season.
A plan to build a hydroelectric scheme in Snowdonia has been withdrawn.
A gang of 10 men who were caught with Â£1m worth of heroin have been jailed for a total of 100 years.
A £200m science and technology development in Newcastle has been officially opened.
At least 16 people have been injured after two Amtrak trains collided in Oakland, California, officials say.
The RSPCA has welcomed a 20% rise in the number of people convicted of animal cruelty in Wales last year.
The number of cancer patients starting treatment within 62 days of being referred by their GP has fallen for the first time since 2010.
The Football Association and English Football League have pledged £1m to the Grenfell Tower appeal.
The Co-operative Group has reported its first half-year profit since 2009.
The creator of India's famous Rock Garden has died at the age of 95.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has arrived in Russia for talks with President Vladimir Putin.
A set of stamps marking the 350th anniversary of the Great Fire of London has been issued by Royal Mail.
Prince Harry has visited a remote village in Guyana to meet the indigenous people who live there.
Tributes have been paid to a Swansea City fan who died aged 88.
Sheffield United have released midfielder Jose Baxter after he was given a 12-week suspended prison sentence for drink-driving.
A trial has begun in Argentina of five men accused of running a secret detention centre where at least 52 people were killed.
Victoria Police say they are investigating 11 young women from Melbourne who are trying to join Islamic State (IS) militants in the Middle East.
Retired Welsh firefighters who were underpaid when they retired are to receive compensation of up to £5m.
The US has appointed a new ambassador to Cuba for the first time in more than 50 years.
A man who killed his estranged wife with a blunt object has been found not guilty of murder.
The number of cannabis farms discovered by police in England and Wales has risen by 20% in a year, according to Acpo.
Hearts fans could own a majority stake in the club within 18 months, according to the club's owner Ann Budge.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says qualifying for the Europa League knockout stages would be the biggest achievement of his career.
Aberdeen have appointed Paul Sheerin as their new Under-20s coach after he left Arbroath.
Troy Polamalu has announced his retirement from American football at the age of 33.
A new £20m swimming pool for Derby is to be built, the city council has announced.
The UN Commission of Inquiry on Syria is considering publishing a list of 200 alleged war criminals in the country.
Thousands of people have taken part in protests in 15 towns and cities across Ireland against water charges.
A database of 390 trees and shrubs has been created to help city planners choose the right species for the right place.
Russia coach Leonid Slutsky says he will not apply for the job again after failing to guide his country beyond the group stage at Euro 2016.
Police searching for the remains of a missing Lanarkshire schoolgirl in 1957 have found five "distinct areas" of interest.
A third of teenagers are checking their mobile phones at least once a night before they go to sleep, a survey suggests.
A Chinese takeaway chef who attacked a colleague with a meat cleaver has been jailed for 18 years.
A hospital is looking at building parking decks above existing car parks to ease parking problems for staff and patients.
Gregor Townsend's Glasgow Warriors can still finish top of the Pro12, says stand-in captain Henry Pyrgos.
West Brom striker Saido Berahino has been banned from driving for a year after admitting drink-driving.
Ecuador's election officials have confirmed that there will be a second round of voting in the presidential election on 2 April.
Hackers have stolen the login details of more than 700 US government employees, according to a security firm.
British Weight Lifting's elite athletes will compete at the European Championships in Norway aiming to qualify for the Rio Olympics.
The US Soccer Federation has announced new rules to limit heading for children under the age of 14.
Aberdeen-based Proserv has won contracts worth more than £10m from two oil and gas operators.
The US government has told the jury in the Boston Marathon bombing trial that the attack was "cruel and evil".
The US has criticised the Afghan government's decision to release 37 prisoners from Bagram jail, saying they are "dangerous insurgents".
The BBC has announced its biggest ever team of presenters and pundits for the Rio 2016 Olympics and Paralympics.
A £10m expansion by an Angus-based oil and gas firm is under way.
A lorry has crashed into a house and derailed a train, leaving the vehicle wedged against the building.
Boyhood has been named best film of 2014 by the New York Film Critics Circle.
A petition against plans to merge three schools in Gwynedd has been handed to the council.
Cardiff Blues and Wales lock Jarrad Hoeata will captain Cambridge University in the 132nd Varsity Match on 27 March.
Land Rover has confirmed that its iconic Defender model will be replaced in 2015.
A 100-year-old swimming pool in Reading is to close after the council said it was no longer viable.
Kent captain Sam Northeast declared on 389-7 against Essex at the end of the second day of their Division Two match.
Body-worn cameras are to be worn by all 1,000 Dyfed-Powys Police officers from Wednesday.
Donald Trump has been criticised by politicians and pundits after a rally he was due to hold in Chicago was cancelled amid violence.
A school in Hull has sent home more than 100 pupils for not wearing the correct uniform.
A US citizen sentenced to 15 years of hard labour in North Korea for "hostile acts" has been found guilty, the country's Supreme Court says.
Average speed cameras are to be installed on the M74 as part of a £500m motorway improvement project.
A British student has been jailed for three months in the United Arab Emirates after being found with a small amount of cocaine.
The International Olympic Committee wants golf's drug-testing regime to be brought into line with the World Anti-Doping Agency.
Footage has been released of the police raid that ended the 16-hour siege at a Sydney cafe in 2014.
A man who posted racist comments on Facebook about a missing toddler has been jailed for 10 months.
Plans for a £150m retail and leisure complex have been expanded to include more restaurants.
Scotland has missed its annual target for reducing greenhouse gas emissions for the second year in a row.
Manchester City have had a £20m bid for West Brom defender Jonny Evans rejected by the Premier League club.
A new body to register and regulate youth workers and work-based learning practitioners has been launched.
Insurance firm Royal Sun Alliance is to close its Birmingham office with the loss of 190 jobs.
Gemma Arterton is in talks to star in a stage musical based on the 2010 film Made in Dagenham.
Two men who stole sheep from farms across the north of England have been jailed.
The Grand Secretary of the Orange Order has said the institution is doing everything in its power to stop violence.
Real Madrid have been asked by Fifa to provide information on 51 players who have signed for the club since 2010.
Chris Commons says he is unsure about his future after making his Hibernian debut against Morton.
The BBC has extended its broadcasting deal with the Six Nations rugby union championship until 2017.
The Football Associations of England and Scotland have said they will allow their players to wear poppy armbands in their match against each other on 11 November.
A science discovery centre in Cardiff has been given a five-year reprieve from losing Welsh Government funding.
David Tennant and Billie Piper have been spotted on the set of Doctor Who's 50th anniversary special.
Middlesex have re-signed New Zealand limited-overs captain Brendon McCullum for the 2017 T20 Blast.
(Close): The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended 2015 with its worst annual performance since 2008.
Tesco has agreed to sell its Fresh & Easy business in the US to a private equity firm for $100m (Â£64m).
A wildlife charity has called for fishing to be banned at a country park after a swan was rescued with a fishing hook in its mouth.
A 17th Century Oxfordshire pub has reopened after being bought by the community.
Anna Christian will lead the British Cycling team at the 2017 European Road Championships in Denmark.
Police in Italy have arrested 112 people in a nationwide anti-match-fixing operation.
A rise in the use of force at a prison in Cheshire has been described as "unjustified" in a report.
Cheltenham Town moved back to the top of the Conference with a late win over Forest Green Rovers at Whaddon Road.
A suggestion to name a new £200m polar research ship Boaty McBoatface has topped an online poll.
A chain of bubble tea cafes has said it will pay trainees from 1 August after a backlash over its unpaid training scheme.
A 50-year-old man has been arrested as part of the Metropolitan Police's phone-hacking investigation.
A 200-year-old windmill in Hampshire has been restored to working order for the first time in 20 years.
England's 2015 Rugby League World Cup quarter-final against France will be live on BBC One on 20 November.
A Florida county has reversed a decision to remove a mosque as a polling station, citing complaints from voters.
At least 20 people have been killed in a series of bomb attacks in the southern Yemeni city of Aden, officials say.
Iran's President has welcomed the election of 17 women to the country's parliament in elections held on Friday.
A Newfoundland woman says her 10-year-old son saved her life when a fire broke out in their home.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teacher was stabbed at a Bradford school.
At least 10 people have been killed and 100 are missing after a landslide hit a village in western Colombia.
Gwen Ifill, the moderator of PBS's Washington Week in Review, has died at the age of 61.
UKIP could win up to seven seats at the 2016 assembly election, its Wales leader has predicted.
The number of European eels in Norfolk rivers has risen by 50% in the past year, the Environment Agency has said.
A firefighter who was suspended after a 999 call was not answered for more than three hours has been sacked.
Jenson Button says he expects Sunday's Abu Dhabi Grand Prix to be his final race in Formula 1.
The former Conservative home secretary Lord Waddington has died at the age of 84.
Action camera maker GoPro is cutting 270 jobs and delaying the launch of its new drone until next year.
Yemeni rebels have released the chief of staff of President Abdrabbuh Mansour Hadi, a day after his arrest.
North Korea is holding its first local elections in 10 years.
British Superbike rider Ian Hutchinson has denied he has given up road racing.
A packaging firm has gone into administration with the loss of 40 jobs.
Consumer confidence has fallen to its lowest level since 1994 following the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
A man who lied to police about the whereabouts of a car involved in a fatal crash has been jailed.
Paralympic archery champion Danielle Brown says she will not switch disciplines to try to qualify for the 2016 Olympics in Rio.
Cardiff Blues secured their first win of the European Champions Cup season with a hard-fought victory over French side Pau.
A 20mph speed limit is to be introduced across most of Edinburgh.
The FTSE 100 has a record number of female chief executives - but who are they?
A theatre in Lancashire that has been empty for 20 years is to be sold at auction.
A 90-year-old woman has died after a fire at a house in Kilmarnock.
Scotland's capital city will host the finals of the European Champions Cup and Challenge Cup in 2017.
Tottenham have signed Spain striker Roberto Soldado from Valencia for a club record fee of £26m.
A woman with learning disabilities has been given permission to be sterilised against her will.
The National Trust has revealed the six teams shortlisted to rebuild a 18th Century mansion destroyed by fire.
A photographic exhibition has been held to mark the 50th anniversary of the closure of Nottingham's Victoria Station.
A postcard sent from Spain 29 years ago has finally reached its destination in Swansea.
Manchester City Council is to review the effectiveness of 20mph speed limits after a report found they had not reduced accidents.
A former IRA man who escaped from a Belfast court 40 years ago has been jailed for 18 months.
A Shropshire college has announced plans to cut 76 jobs as it looks to save £2m.
A man who spent 22 years on death row for a murder he did not commit has been exonerated and freed.
More than 400 businesses in Edinburgh have been found to be illegally dumping trade waste in communal bins.
Actor and campaigner Lord Rix has called for a change in the law to allow him to be helped to die.
A former homeless soldier has been honoured in the New Year's Honours list for his work with the homeless.
India completed a series whitewash over Sri Lanka with a 278-run victory in the second Test in Colombo.
Tennis is to receive a £250m investment to improve access to courts and facilities over the next 10 years.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game at the 2014 World Cup.
The UK music industry enjoyed its best year for 10 years in 2016, according to the BPI.
A 46-year-old man has died following a crash on the A713 near Cairnsmore of Carsphairn.
Fast bowler Boyd Rankin has returned to the Ireland squad after a two-year absence to play for England.
The 2018 county cricket season will start a month earlier than this year, with the Championship reduced to 14 matches.
Leeds Rhinos say the flood damage to their training ground will cost the club £1m.
At least 20 people have been killed in a fire at a garment factory in Bangladesh, officials say.
Painter Michael Simpson has won the 2014 John Moores Painting Prize for the first time, 23 years after being shortlisted.
People who regularly take long daytime naps could be at increased risk of developing type-2 diabetes, a study suggests.
A man who drove 50 miles to help people affected by the Manchester Arena bombing said he was "capable of helping".
Police have said they found 16 petrol bombs in a west Belfast street which they believe were intended to be thrown at officers.
Scotland will have 13 athletes competing in athletics at the Rio Olympics after a further four were named in the GB team on Thursday.
Police in western India have arrested a man and are searching for a doctor after 26 female foetuses were found buried in a field.
A man who made a hoax bomb threat to a hospital where he had been treated has been jailed.
The world's food supply is vulnerable to disruption by climate change, a new report warns.
A portrait of a Cheltenham shopkeeper painted on a warehouse door in 1932 is to be restored.
British Cycling have named a 12-strong squad for the 2017 track World Championships in Hong Kong, with Owain Doull included.
An extra £1m is to be spent on autism services in Northern Ireland.
At least 29 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack at a football tournament in Iraq, officials say.
Saudi Arabia has announced plans to build a $500bn (Â£380bn) luxury tourism destination on its Red Sea coast.
A fire at a Grade II-listed hall in Manchester is being treated as suspicious, police have said.
An Indian court has rejected requests by two Italian marines accused of killing two Indian fishermen to extend their stay in Italy.
Muhammad Ali's death has been the top trending topic on Twitter for the past 24 hours.
A 200-year-old barracks in Powys is to close in 2024, the Ministry of Defence has announced.
More than 100 skeletons have been uncovered in a mass grave in Peterborough.
Featherstone Rovers qualified for the Challenge Cup quarter-finals with a 26-14 win over Halifax.
The families of 10 men murdered by loyalists at Kingsmill in 1976 have been told that a fresh inquest into the killings may be delayed.
A team of engineers has stepped in to help restore a rare World War Two cipher machine.
England's Matt Fitzpatrick is in contention to win the Hong Kong Open after a second-round 67 left him tied for the lead.
Carissa Yip is a chess whizz.
Andy Carroll will not be recalled to the England squad for Euro 2016 just because he scored a hat-trick for West Ham.
Bob the Builder is getting a new voice and a new look for a new series of the children's TV show.
China has expressed concern about the arrest of 119 Chinese nationals in Zambia on suspicion of illegal mining.
Archaeologists have uncovered a 12th Century castle foundation and a Roman coin during excavations at Auckland Castle.
Work has started on a new walk of fame in Dundee Waterfront.
A man suspected of killing three people in a shooting in Tel Aviv on Wednesday has been shot dead by police.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day slightly lower, with shares in Paddy Power Betfair falling 1.5%.
A debate on the plight of women born in the 1950s who have lost out over changes to pension law has been held for the second time in a week
A £4.2m lottery grant has been awarded to restore a 19th Century college in Ceredigion.
Notts County have appointed former BBC Radio Nottingham presenter Colin Slater as their new chief executive.
A Swansea MP has called on the government to give its "full backing" to a £1bn tidal lagoon project.
A classic car festival which has been held in Coventry for more than 20 years has been cancelled.
The first full trailer for the 24th James Bond film Spectre has been released.
A crisp factory which makes Walkers products is to close with the loss of 388 jobs.
A £25m inland surfing lagoon in Conwy county is to receive £3m of Welsh Government funding.
Blink 182's Tom DeLonge has denied quitting the band, despite a statement from his bandmates.
Police are investigating a robbery at a cash-in-transit van in Glasgow city centre.
Wales football legend Dean Saunders has been given a glimmer of hope after parking his car at Birmingham Airport.
Gloucester have agreed a deal to sign Wales and British and Irish Lions lock Luke Charteris from Racing 92 in 2016.
A £30m investment by a local government pension fund in social housing has been described as a "trailblazer".
A Bangladeshi man who was separated from his family for 27 years has been reunited with them after being freed from a Pakistani jail.
More than 100 puppies have been seized by the DSPCA and the RSPCA in a joint operation.
Butterfly species could be wiped out in England by the end of the century, according to new research.
A non-emergency NHS phone line has been ranked as a "high risk" to patient safety.
A loan shark who threatened to "smash" a victim's partner's head in has been spared jail.
Antonio Conte has been appointed as Italy's new coach on a contract that will run until 2018.
Coca-Cola has reported a 4% drop in profits for the first quarter of 2016.
George Clooney has made a 98-year-old woman's dreams come true by visiting her at her care home.
More than 100 doctors have written to the Guardian to warn that the NHS is "withering away" under the coalition.
The remains of a 16th Century defensive wall have been uncovered at Stirling Castle.
Wrexham have appointed Dean Keates as their new manager on a contract until the end of the 2017-18 season.
The government has announced plans to increase the number of medical students by 25% over the next five years.
Opium production in Afghanistan has reached a record high, according to the UN.
The death toll from a clash between rival Libyan forces in the western town of Zliten has risen to 140, the LNA says.
Child marriage is a major threat to girls' lives and education, a charity has warned.
A plane was forced to land on the M1 near East Midlands Airport after a suspected fault.
Spotlight has won the best film prize at the 2015 New York Film Critics Circle awards.
Ashok Kumar is a Mumbai-based collector of matchbox labels.
WBA bantamweight champion Lee McDonnell will defend his title against Mexico's Cesar 'Pochito' Rosas on 25 March.
A 40-year-old Australian pelican has died at a zoo in New Zealand.
Gordie Howe, one of the greatest ice hockey players of all time, has died at the age of 88.
US-based legal services firm Axiom has announced plans to create 97 new jobs in Belfast.
A woman who has sold poppies for the Royal British Legion for 75 years has been honoured by the charity.
Yorkshire are in talks with the ECB about hosting a day-night County Championship match in 2017.
A developer has failed in its bid to build 500 homes on a greenfield site in East Yorkshire.
Charlton have appointed Jose Riga as their new head coach until the end of the season.
The US economy grew at its fastest pace in 11 years in the final three months of 2014, official figures have shown.
General Motors is pulling out of the Indian car market after 20 years, saying it will not invest in the country.
About 300 pilot whales have died after being stranded on a beach in New Zealand.
Lancashire's Liam Livingstone is included in a 16-man squad for England's Twenty20 series against South Africa.
More than 100 patients who had operations at a hospital in Somerset are being treated for complications.
Three people have been taken to hospital after a lorry crashed into a bus on the A34 in Oxfordshire.
Two West Sussex councils have accused Highways England of "not taking them seriously" over plans to improve the A27.
A motion calling for a 50% reduction in parking fines in Northern Ireland has been rejected by MLAs.
Gordon Stoker, the founder of the Jordanaires, who sang backing vocals for Elvis Presley, has died aged 88.
Hampshire batsman James Vince says playing in the World Twenty20 in India will be a "massive opportunity" to impress England selectors.
ScotRail has launched a recruitment drive to create up to 100 new train driver jobs.
A study of 10,000 children born in Aberdeen in the 1950s is to be used in a new health project.
Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli has announced her retirement from tennis with immediate effect because of injury.
Formula 1 teams have failed to reach a consensus on how to change the controversial qualifying system for 2017.
Southampton have signed winger Nathan Redmond from Norwich City for a fee in the region of £10m.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says there is no price for Harry Kane, who has broken the club's goalscoring record.
The number of confirmed cases of measles in south west Wales has reached 100, according to Public Health Wales.
A decision on the future of Perth's former Concert Hall could be made in February, with a food hall bid now the preferred option.
A 26-year-old man has died following a disturbance in Glasgow.
The 20th anniversary of the closure of Ipswich Airport is being marked with a reunion and exhibition.
Soldiers spent less than half of their time on the Western Front during World War One, a new study has found.
A row has broken out among Conservative AMs over whether they support a preferred route for a new M4 relief road.
A former Charlton Athletic youth player has accused a scout of sexually abusing him in the 1980s.
A 16-year-old boy who died after being attacked at a house party has been named locally as George Verrier.
British gymnast Daniel MacKenzie has switched allegiance to South Africa in a bid to qualify for the 2016 Olympics.