Research into Norfolk's medieval churches has discovered that many are covered in graffiti more than 500 years old.
A juvenile has been charged with first-degree arson on a 10-year-old Texas boy with special needs.
A man has admitted plotting to smuggle cocaine with an estimated street value of £100m into the UK.
Singer Rihanna has cancelled a concert in Nice in the wake of the Bastille Day attack that left at least 84 dead.
The 96 victims of the Hillsborough disaster and former Liverpool manager Kenny Dalglish have been awarded the Freedom of Liverpool.
Double Olympic and world champion Mo Farah is among a number of elite athletes to compete at the Birmingham Diamond League on 5 June.
Super League club Leigh Centurions have signed stand-off Daniel Mortimer until the end of the 2019 season.
A Somali court has ordered the deportation of 27 Kenyans found to be in the country illegally.
More than 100 people have been killed in monsoon floods in South Asia, as torrential rain caused chaos in several countries.
Tiger Woods has dropped out of the world's top 100 golfers for the first time in his career.
Axing Volleyball from the 2021 Island Games could see a generation of young players leave the sport in Guernsey.
Former Liverpool striker Luis Suarez will return to Anfield to play in a charity match on 29 March.
A train carrying petrol has derailed and burst into flames in northern Burma, killing at least 25 people and injuring dozens more.
A court has given Facebook 48 hours to stop tracking people in Belgium who are not members of its social network.
South Africa's Western Cape province has declared a drought disaster as it faces its worst water shortage in 113 years.
Shares in commodity giant Glencore plunged almost 30% after analysts raised fears about lower metal prices.
The Highways Agency is warning motorists about M1 slip road closures in Bedfordshire.
A teenager has been awarded damages and compensation of nearly £8m after she was left brain-damaged at birth.
Harry Kane wants to "finish the job" at the European Under-21 Championship this summer, says England boss Roy Hodgson.
Kent and former England batsman Rob Key has confirmed his retirement after a first-class career spanning 17 years.
The killer of a teenager stabbed in Cheltenham has been handed a minimum jail term of more than 24 years.
Pope Francis has demanded justice for the victims of a bomb attack against a Jewish centre in Buenos Aires exactly 20 years ago.
American swimming legend Michael Phelps says he does not intend to compete in another Olympics once Rio 2016 is over.
An 18-month-old boy has lost an eye after being hit by a drone flown by a family friend.
The classic line-up of Guns N' Roses have announced their first concerts in the UK and Ireland since 1993.
Wales Women ended their Euro 2017 qualifying campaign with a creditable draw against Austria in Newport.
The world premiere of The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey will take place in New Zealand on 28 November.
The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 has scored the biggest debut of the year at the UK and US box office.
Police have re-opened an investigation into the murder of a man in north Belfast 14 years ago.
Royal Bank of Scotland is cutting 443 UK jobs dealing with business loans as it shifts many of the roles to India.
Honduras has suspended eight of its 10 consuls in the United States.
India's new government will present its first federal budget on 10 July, media reports quoting officials said.
Drivers saw their car insurance premiums rise by an average of £110 in the last year, a comparison site says.
The owner of a dog that mauled an 11-month-old baby to death has been found guilty of owning a banned breed.
The US Olympic Committee (USOC) has named Los Angeles as the US bid for hosting the 2024 games.
The founder of Wales' first children's hospice, Ty Hafan, has died, aged 95.
Fife-based textile services company Fishers has officially opened a new £5m "super laundry" in North Lanarkshire.
Drayton Manor Theme Park will reopen four days after an 11-year-girl died after falling from a ride.
Malaysian authorities have issued a new version of the last communication between air traffic control and the cockpit of the missing flight MH370.
Derry will face title holders Tyrone in the big match of the 2017 Ulster Football Championship quarter-finals.
A Sheffield steel company has won contracts worth more than $30 million to manufacture components for the US Navy's fleet of submarines.
A 58-year-old man has reached the South Pole two years after being treated for bowel, skin and prostate cancer.
The number of people with cancer in Scotland has risen by 18% in five years, according to new figures.
A pensioner who sexually assaulted four girls over a 22-year period has been jailed for seven years.
Sam Smith has stopped Madonna from topping the UK album chart, denying her the 12th number one of her career.
Former Glamorgan coach and player John Derrick has died at the age of 54.
League One leaders Walsall scored twice in the last 10 minutes to secure a hard-fought victory over Peterborough.
The last 16 of the FA Cup - eight ties, each including a Premier League side up against lower-league opposition.
The number of dogs being put down by councils in Northern Ireland has decreased by 30% in the last year.
A mother whose body lay under builders' rubble for 12 years had suffered a fractured skull, a court has heard.
A sheepdog that went missing 12 days ago has been rescued from a gorge.
Two women who failed to report the death of a man and went on to claim his benefits have been jailed for 20 months.
A man with 176 convictions for repeated foul-mouthed outbursts risks spending the rest of his life in prison.
Indian Prime Minister Narenda Modi has announced the purchase of 36 Rafale fighter jets from France.
Oscar-winning 1981 film Chariots of Fire is to be brought back to the big screen ahead of this summer's Olympics.
Shares in the internet portal firm Yahoo have leapt 10% on rumours that Microsoft is considering a second attempt at a takeover.
A Cuban passenger plane has crashed in the centre of the country, killing all 68 people on board, officials say.
Action sequel Fast & Furious 6 races ahead of The Great Gatsby in this week's UK and Ireland box office chart.
Japan says China has sailed a fleet of 230 vessels near Japanese-controlled waters in the East China Sea.
Five people involved in the Xinjiang attack that killed 31 people "blew themselves up", a Chinese report says.
Singer Taylor Swift has been accused of wrongfully using an artist's work to promote her album 1989.
Sussex cricketer Matthew Hobden has died at the age of 22.
There are now more than five million individual barcodes in use around the world, according to regulator GS1 UK.
A teenage Formula 4 driver who had a really bad crash says he wants to drive again.
A leading economic institute is to mark its 40th anniversary by boosting its research capabilities.
Ulster hope to have international pair Iain Henderson and Stuart McCloskey available for Saturday's Pro12 game against Cardiff Blues.
A housing association is facing a planning hurdle after building 55 new homes in the wrong place.
About 60 people have been turned away from the new Harry Potter play after buying tickets from unauthorised retailers, producers have said.
Wales' Olympic sailing champion Hannah Mills is considering changing boats ahead of the Tokyo Games in 2020.
A disposable coffee cup believed to have been used by Labour leadership hopeful Jeremy Corbyn has sold for £51.
With its £11bn budget accounting for about two thirds of City Hall spending, transport is the mayor's biggest financial responsibility.
Graham Allen has announced he is to step down as Labour MP for Nottingham North after 30 years.
(Close): The FTSE 100 recovered some of the ground lost in Tuesday's sell-off as shares in mining companies rose.
A former soldier has targeted the 2016 Games in Rio after being blinded in Afghanistan.
Haiti's government has launched a campaign to re-establish its army, dissolved more than 20 years ago.
A teenage drug dealer who stabbed a customer leaving a knife embedded in his head, has been detained for 12 years.
The reigning champions from the 2015 World Championships in Beijing:
A careers advice charity has criticised the selling of hospital work experience placements for £500.
Former Sri Lanka bowler Chaminda Vaas will help Ireland's preparations for the upcoming ICC World Twenty20.
Liberia's authorities have quarantined the area where a 17-year-old boy died of Ebola.
A former scout leader has been jailed for nine years for abusing boys over a 41-year period.
One of the last UK survivors of the Japanese prisoner of war camps in World War Two has died at the age of 101.
Italian researchers say they have identified 35 living people who are related to Leonardo da Vinci, using genealogical records.
A training camp where a soldier was accidentally killed last month had 119 other accidents causing injury last year, Ministry of Defence figures show.
A man who stabbed his father more than 20 times in the head, neck and body has been jailed for life for his murder.
Britain's David Florence stormed to his third Canoe Slalom World Championships gold as he won the individual C1 on home water at Lee Valley.
A trust running 36 Catholic schools is letting down its most disadvantaged pupils, according to Ofsted.
Motor racing legend Sir Stirling Moss is back home after 134 days in hospital with a chest infection.
Plans to save a further £20m have been revealed by Lancashire police.
A 12-year-old girl in Mississippi had a rare bonding experience with her new baby brother - delivering him herself.
The BBC has backtracked on its decision to axe Radio 4's long-running arts programme Saturday Review.
The 2016 Academy Awards pulled in its smallest audience in eight years, according to US ratings data.
Shane Williams fears Wales are in danger of ending up in another group of death at the 2019 Rugby World Cup.
US President Donald Trump has hosted an event at his hotel in Washington, to raise cash for his 2020 re-election campaign.
James Vince hit his first Championship fifty of 2015 as Hampshire and Sussex shared an even opening day at Hove.
Britain's James Guy won a silver medal in the men's 400m freestyle at the World Swimming Championships in Russia.
A prototype computer with 160TB of memory has been unveiled by Hewlett Packard Enterprises.
Voting has begun in the UK general election, with 59 Scottish seats up for grabs.
A row has broken out over £10m plans to turn half of a key Swansea city centre street into an urban park.
An error in geography by a scientist has ended with a charity winning a legal battle for half his £2m fortune.
The Ebola outbreak that has killed 78 people in Guinea is "unprecedented", a medical charity has said.
Water quality at 17 Scottish beaches have been classed as "excellent" against new, much stricter European standards.
Attacks by hornets in northern China have killed 41 people since July, state-run media report.
Italian clubs Treviso and Zebre could be expelled from the Pro12, with London Welsh and London Scottish potentially taking their places.
Four people have been killed in an eight-vehicle crash on the A34.
Local authorities in England and Wales used bailiffs to collect debts more than 2 million times last year, according to new research.
World indoor champion Richard Kilty will not defend his 60m title in Portland, Oregon next month after choosing to focus on the Rio Olympics.
Girls as young as 12 were repeatedly raped, sexually abused and trafficked for sex, a court has heard.
The Scottish government will continue to seek investment from China despite the collapse of a possible £10bn deal.
Everyone has on average 400 flaws in their DNA, a UK study suggests.
More than 200 houses in the Australian city of Rockhampton have been flooded after a river reached its flood peak, authorities say.
A former mental health nurse has been jailed for at least 12 years for stabbing her partner to death with a kitchen knife.
The captains of all 18 Australian Rules football clubs have called on fans to stop booing football star Adam Goodes.
A family who were evacuated from their home when a sinkhole opened up outside have finally returned 14 months later.
The minister responsible for road safety in Northern Ireland has called an urgent meeting after five fatalities in the first 10 days of the new year.
Gloucestershire's Police and Crime Commissioner has announced the biggest re-organisation of policing in the county in 40 years.
Plans for 31 new travellers' pitches in Solihull have been approved by council leaders.
Engineers are trying to restore gas to nearly 150 houses which have been disconnected since last Thursday.
Gower AM Edwina Hart and Neath AM Gwenda Thomas are to stand down at the 2016 assembly election.
The Scottish economy slowed down towards the end of 2015, according to new figures.
Children as young as 13 bought knives in London when teenage volunteers were used to test if shops were complying with the law.
DJ Robert Miles, best known for his trance hit Children, has died at the age of 47 after a short illness.
At least 17 people are now known to have died when a building collapsed in the southern Indian city of Chennai.
Jack and Emily were the most popular baby names in Northern Ireland in 2014.
A 14-year-old girl hanged herself after an argument with her mother, an inquest has heard.
Almost £25m has been raised to pay for "vital" restoration work at Canterbury Cathedral.
The number of new businesses starting up in Wales has dropped by 26% over five years, figures obtained by a banking group have shown.
More than 100 girls were sent home from school after their skirts were deemed too short by staff.
The stuntwoman who died in a motorcycle accident while filming Deadpool 2 has been identified as Joi SJ Harris.
A suicide bomb attack in northern Afghanistan has killed at least 15 people including women and children, officials have told the BBC.
The number of people killed when a bus crashed into a truck in northern Ghana has risen to 71, medical officials say.
Marc Warren has thanked a £30 golf training aid he stumbled upon while surfing the internet for saving his European Tour card for next season.
Ireland is to sell 25% of Allied Irish Banks back to the public, eight years after it was rescued during the financial crisis.
Ariana Grande's concerts at London's O2 Arena on Thursday and Friday have been cancelled following the Manchester suicide bombing.
Surveyors working on the HS2 rail project lost confidential documents containing personal data of people whose homes are to be demolished.
Hampden has been chosen to host games as part of the European Championships in 2020, Uefa has confirmed.
Former Tánaiste (Irish deputy prime minister) Peter Barry has died at the age of 88.
Philippine senator and former presidential candidate Miriam Defensor-Santiago has died aged 71.
Southeastern has blamed Network Rail after more than 20 rush-hour trains were cancelled, leaving commuters with hours of delays.
The number of victims of identity theft rose by 57% last year, figures from fraud prevention service Cifas suggest.
Miles Jupp is to take over from Sandi Toksvig as the new host of BBC Radio 4's comedy show The News Quiz.
The number of serious crimes committed by violent and sex offenders being monitored after leaving prison has risen more than 28%, figures show.
Polling stations have closed across Northern Ireland for the 2017 Assembly election.
Care services are to be cut in Southampton in a bid to save more than £1m.
Lost recordings by Bob Marley found in a damp hotel basement in London after more than 40 years have been restored.
Indian anti-corruption campaigner Anna Hazare has ended a high-profile hunger strike in Delhi after 12 days.
A black hole 11 million light-years away has gone dormant, a decade after being spotted consuming cosmic debris.
Over 100 primary school janitors in Glasgow are set for another three-day strike over a pay dispute.
Glasgow-born singer-songwriter Jim Diamond, who had hits including I Should Have Known Better, has died aged 64.
This winter was the wettest recorded in Scotland since records began in 1910.
A black cab driver who sexually assaulted two women who fell asleep in his taxi has been jailed for 10 years.
Rory McIlroy won the Deutsche Bank Championship to claim his first PGA Tour title for 16 months.
Alastair Cook has resigned as England Test captain after a record 59 matches in charge.
The historian, World War Two veteran and chief of Montana's Crow tribe Joe Medicine Crow has died aged 102.
England defender Luke Shaw has joined Manchester United from Southampton for £27m, making him one of the world's most expensive teenagers.
A former prisoner-of-war who credited the Nagasaki atomic bomb with saving his life has died at the age of 97.
Individual voter registration for British elections will come into force as planned in June 2014, ministers say.
Australia's 7-Eleven Stores' chief executive and chairman have resigned amid a worker exploitation scandal.
Don McLean and The Dubliners are to be given lifetime achievement awards at this year's BBC Radio 2 Folk Awards.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed slightly higher after data showed better-than-expected growth in Britain's service sector.
More than 100 people and their pets, including dogs and a tortoise, have attended a Christmas service for pets.
The number of older people needing care is set to nearly treble globally by 2050, campaigners say.
The 2019 Africa Cup of Nations will be held in June and July, the Confederation of African Football has confirmed.
The planned merger of O2 and Three threatens competition in the UK mobile phone market, according to the UK competition regulator.
A grieving widower says he is dismayed after being charged £160 for delays at his wife's funeral.
The Florida governor has removed a prosecutor from 21 murder cases after she said she would no longer be seeking the death penalty.
A new body is being set up by Welsh ministers to collect taxes from 2018.
The US is buying 32 tonnes of heavy water, which is used in some nuclear reactors, from Iran.
An 18-year-old woman has been found dead at a beauty spot following a "brutal attack".
Cycling will be included in the sports for the 2019 Island Games in Gibraltar, organisers have announced.
Valentine's Day, or St Valentine's Day, is celebrated every year on 14 February.
How officers responded to a disturbance that led to a 26-hour siege in Greater Manchester is being investigated by the police watchdog.
A youth of 17 has been detained for stabbing a man on the evening of the Notting Hill Carnival.
A large fire at a bar in Blackpool has left 12 live-in staff homeless.
Tony Watt insists he can force his way back into the Scotland set-up ahead of the final 2018 World Cup qualifiers.
Sport climbing is expected to be confirmed as a new Olympic sport for the Tokyo 2020 Games next month.
The police watchdog is to investigate 10 South Yorkshire Police officers over the handling of child sexual exploitation in Rotherham.
McLaren executive chairman Ron Dennis is confident they will recover from their difficult start to the F1 season.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone says the introduction of a new elimination qualifying format will be delayed until the fifth race of the season.
Liverpool have signed forward Roberto Firmino from Hoffenheim on a five-year deal for a fee of about £29m.
A manufacturer of Harris Tweed plans to create up to 10 new jobs in the coming months as part of an expansion of its mill.
Voting is under way in the Republic of Ireland to elect 157 new members of parliament.
People are being sent fewer spam emails than at any time in the past 12 years, according to security firm Symantec.
Salford Red Devils winger Mason Caton-Brown will be out for up to 12 weeks with a serious leg injury.
Businesses running the professional version of Windows 10 can no longer block access to the Windows Store.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens was named movie of the year at the 25th MTV Movie Awards on Saturday.
A man has been charged in connection with a police operation on the M62 in which an officer shot a man dead.
Girl Guides and Girl Scouts in 146 countries will enlist boys as part of a United Nations campaign against gender violence.
A man who must notify police 24 hours before he has sex can be named, a district judge has ruled.
A train has derailed south of the US city of Philadelphia, leaving two people dead and more than 30 others injured.
China has announced a ban on all ivory trade and processing activities by the end of 2017.
A woman is to stand trial in December charged with murdering an 82-year-old woman with a rolling pin in Fife.
Two 14-year-olds have been charged with murder after the deaths of a mother and daughter in Lincolnshire.
Woking climbed out of the National League drop zone with victory at Eastleigh, despite playing with 10 men for most of the second half.
A 16-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with the rape of an eight-year-old girl in a park.
Karen Danczuk is hoping to become an MP after applying to be a Labour candidate at the general election on 8 June.
The co-creator of the hit animated show The Simpsons has died aged 59.
Coldplay have revealed their seventh album, A Head Full of Dreams, will be released on 4 December.
The trial of Irish man Ibrahim Halawa has been adjourned for the 18th time.
A 33-year-old man has been arrested following the discovery of a cannabis cultivation at a house in Bo'ness.
Paul Hollywood has vowed that the format of The Great British Bake Off will "stay exactly the same" when it moves to Channel 4.
Aneurin Donald says Glamorgan are "on a roll" and targeting the T20 Blast final after reaching the last eight.
An aircraft that has served the Channel Islands for nearly 40 years completed its final flight on Sunday.
A man who must notify police 24 hours before he has sex has said he is sleeping rough in a wood near York.
More than 50 firefighters have been involved in tackling a large fire at a wood recycling plant in Newry, County Down.
A man accused of a 1998 republican murder has had the charge against him dropped.
An outbreak of a sickness and diarrhoea bug in the South West of England has widened to 223 cases.
Australian officials say they are investigating reports that 18 employees of Australian-based gambling firm Crown Resorts have been detained in China.
Thai authorities say more than 50 officers have been transferred from their posts over suspected links to human traffickers.
At least 14 people have died in south-eastern China after a powerful typhoon caused floods and mudslides.
More than 100 prospective European students have withdrawn applications to study at a Welsh university following the European referendum result.
Almost 200 years ago Sir Walter Scott relied on herbs found near his home in Borders to counter health problems.
Derek Sheils and William Dunlop shared the top honours at the Cookstown 100, taking two wins apiece.
Valentino Rossi won his first MotoGP in 15 months with victory at his home track in San Marino.
Seven members of a drugs gang have been sentenced after a rival gang member was stabbed 18 times as he slept.
A remake of 1949 film Whisky Galore is to be released in cinemas in May, it has been announced.
A "strong case" exists for HS3 stations to be built in Bradford and York, according to a new study.
Wales women were denied victory as Rachel Shelina's goal seven minutes from time secured a Euro 2017 qualifying point for Israel.
Plans to offer 24-hours-a-day electricity to one of Scotland's most remote communities have moved forward.
A man who established his own independent state on a former military platform in the sea off East Anglia has died at the age of 91.
The health minister has intervened to help resolve a row over a health trust's £8m funding shortfall.
Archaeologists claim to have found the remains of a chapel built by Richard III after a 16-year search.
Aldershot Town and 10-man York City played out a goalless draw in the National League at the EBB Stadium.
Algeria have appointed Lucas Alcaraz as their fourth full-time coach in the last 13 months.
A 150-year-old antique wedding dress lost after a dry cleaners went bust has been located.
Team captain Andrew Butchart hopes to help Great Britain top the medal table at the European Cross Country Championships for a 14th year in a row.
Twenty eight jobs are being created with a £1m investment in a new cold steel rolling mill in south Wales.
West Ham striker Andy Carroll could return from injury against former club Newcastle on 14 September after recommencing first-team training.
Former West Indies fast bowler Fidel Edwards will return to play county cricket for Hampshire in 2017.
BBC Sport has live radio commentary and daily TV highlights as Europe seek to defend the Ryder Cup against the United States from 30 September.
Jason Wingreen, a character actor who voiced the Star Wars character Boba Fett, has died aged 95.
A suicidal driver was the cause of a bus crash in Taiwan that killed 26 people in July, investigators say.
Essex fought back strongly with the ball to earn a narrow 25-run first-innings lead against Leicestershire.
Five allegations of historical sex abuse have been made against a Shropshire GP who died 17 years ago.
Harlequins have signed former NFL Draft prospect Psalm Wooching to play in the World Club 10s tournament in June.
A baby in the US state of Minnesota has survived an 11-storey fall from an apartment balcony, local media report.
McLaren are set to part company with their new Formula 1 boss Jost Capito less than four months after the German joined the company.
"I downright refuse to do PE," admits 16-year-old Josh who believes he is fat and fears bullying.
The number of new cars sold in the UK hit an all-time high in 2016.
China's Under-20s team could play in the German fourth division next season.
Germany, which holds federal elections on 22 September, is Europe's dominant country.
A mother accused of murdering her 18-month-old daughter said her eldest son may be to blame for the fatal injuries.
Joe Root was dismissed for a golden duck in his first game since the World Twenty20 final, before Yorkshire recovered against Nottinghamshire.
At least 25 people have been killed in a car bomb attack north-east of the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, officials say.
The family of Joan Rivers has settled its legal case against a medical clinic in New York which it blamed for her death in 2014.
More than 30 people have been killed in an overnight attack by Islamic State militants in the Iraqi city of Tikrit.
Today's 90-year-olds are surviving into very old age with better mental performance than ever before, Danish research suggests.
A search is being carried out for an 86-year-old man who has gone missing from his home in Greenock.
Annual sickness levels among ambulance service staff are at the lowest level since 2012, figures have shown.
A hacker who passed a list of American military personnel to the so-called Islamic State group could face up to 25 years in jail.
Heavy rain has hampered rescue operations in Japan's Hiroshima prefecture where a landslide killed at least 39 people.
The absence of drug testing in Spanish football in the past 11 months has "alarmed" the World Anti-Doping Agency.
Alan Solomons believes Edinburgh's improvement has taken them much closer to Pro12 champions Glasgow Warriors.
A health trust has admitted failing to properly follow up 22 of its cancer patients, three whom have since died or are receiving palliative care.
Morecambe captain Peter Murphy has announced his retirement at 27 because of a career-ending injury and his release from the Shrimps.
A Russian helicopter has crashed in north-western Siberia killing at least 19 people, officials say.
About 100 UK steelworkers have joined a march in Brussels calling for action to protect the industry and safeguard jobs.
Guyana-born poet John Agard has been named as the recipient of The Queen's Gold Medal for Poetry for 2012.
The Daily Mail's horoscope writer Jonathan Cainer has died aged 58.
Spanish rider Antonio Maeso will make his North West 200 comeback this year in the Supersport class.
The identity of a man who was burned to death 85 years ago could be revealed through a new batch of DNA tests.
A man who was shot more than 13 years ago in east London has died from his injuries.
The National Records of Scotland has released preliminary annual figures for births, deaths and other vital events in Scotland in 2014.
A former mental health hospital has been destroyed after a large fire ripped through the 19th Century building.
England Under-21 manager Gareth Southgate has no interest in succeeding Roy Hodgson as boss of the senior national team.
Withdrawing money from a pension fund can cost savers up to 10% of their retirement fund, according to Citizens Advice.
Marital saga 45 Years has been shortlisted for three Evening Standard British Film Awards.
A 17-year-old boy has been found guilty of grooming and sexually exploiting teenage girls on Teesside.
India and Pakistan have agreed to resume high-level peace talks which stalled in 2012.
Tram tracks dating back about 100 years have been uncovered during work near to Nottingham's railway station.
An £18m wind farm, rejected by councillors, has been approved by the environment minister after the decision was reviewed by his department.
England has been confirmed as one of four competing countries to have submitted an expression of interest in hosting the 2022 Commonwealth Games.
The NHS has started an investigation after pictures emerged showing "exhausted" medics at a 111 call centre seemingly asleep on duty.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has ordered the execution of 15 people this year, including several top officials, South Korean intelligence says.
Manny Pacquiao will return to the ring on 5 November against American WBO welterweight champion Jessie Vargas.
At least 11 people have died after sudden rains caused flooding in the Mauritian capital Port Louis on Saturday, officials have said.
Olympic champion Nicola Adams is one of three Great Britain boxers to receive a first-round bye at Rio 2016.
More than 100 car owners have got their vehicles back after a private parking company at Gatwick Airport failed to return them, police said.
Ireland lost their Women's World Cup Qualifier warm-up game against Bangladesh by 39 runs in Colombo.
A taxi driver has been charged with the murder of 22-year-old Sian O'Callaghan.
A family of 10 have been told if they do not accept a house offered to them, the council will no longer help them.
The focus fell on the Democratic nomination race this weekend, with three states holding caucuses on Saturday 26 March.
An ambulance service criticised for failing to meet performance targets is to recruit another 400 paramedics.
When World War One broke out in 1914, members of Londonderry's Hamilton Flute Band joined up "to a man".
An Indian man has returned to his country after spending more than 30 years in jail in Pakistan for spying.
The IRA leader who planned the 1993 Shankill bomb was working as a police informer, the Irish News has reported.
Captain Brendon McCullum scored 25 in his final innings for New Zealand as Australia closed in on victory in Christchurch.
Bosnian Serbs have voted overwhelmingly to keep 9 January as a national holiday in defiance of Bosnia's highest court.
A 10-year-old boy who has jaw cancer and needs urgent surgery has vanished, a High Court judge has said.
Masked gunmen in southern Afghanistan have abducted 30 men from the Hazara ethnic minority, officials say.
More than 100 leading scientists say the Rio Olympics should be moved or postponed over the Zika outbreak.
A blaze at a derelict knitwear factory which damaged up to 35 cars is being treated as arson.
School inspectors say 45% of children in part of Kent are still attending underperforming primary schools.
Some 200 people gathered outside the British High Commission in Rwanda to protest at the arrest of intelligence chief Karenzi Karake in London.
California has dropped plans to halve petroleum use in vehicles by 2030, after intense oil industry lobbying.
Ryanair has announced new routes flying from Glasgow International, Prestwick and Edinburgh for its summer 2017 schedule.
Two French pilots who were sentenced by a court in the Dominican Republic to 20 years in prison have fled the country.
Women who have had their appendix or tonsils removed appear to be more fertile, a 15-year study suggests.
The proposed £1bn Cardiff City Deal to help the Welsh economy grow has been discussed by Cardiff council.
A man who must notify police 24 hours before he has sex has said his children have stopped contacting him.
(Close): The London market fell back, with shares in Sky down more than 4% after its latest trading update.
There is growing speculation that Bombardier is close to finalising a deal to sell more than 100 C Series planes to Delta Airlines.
Workers at Merseyrail have started a 24-hour strike in a dispute with the firm over driver-only-operated trains.
Wales' past will be brought to life "like never before" as part of its 2017 Year of Legends.
The world's oldest living person, Japan's Misao Okawa, has died from heart failure at the age of 117.
County champions Yorkshire have re-signed New Zealand batsman Kane Williamson for part of the 2016 season.
Firefighters are battling more than 120 forest fires in northern Spain, some of which may have been started deliberately, officials say.
Calls are set to be made for Wales to deliver a fair climate deal during COP21 talks.
Sports car maker McLaren Automotive has announced it will create 250 new jobs following a "record year".
Leinster ran in eight tries against Zebre at the RDS to cement their push for a top-four finish in the Pro12.
Ferguson shipyard has been awarded a £1m grant to refurbish its Port Glasgow premises and help fund new jobs.
Cardiff Blues head coach Danny Wilson hailed his side's character in securing a precious victory away from home against Edinburgh in the Pro12.
Formula 1 motor racing has signed a global deal with mobile app Snapchat to create exclusive content from its upcoming grand prix races.
Glasgow Warriors have signed Sean Maitland following the 24-year-old's departure from Crusaders.
Mark-Francis Vandelli from Made in Chelsea has left Channel 4 series the Jump after fracturing his ankle.
An Afghan boy who became an online hit after wearing a homemade shirt bearing Lionel Messi's famous number 10 has met his hero.
A 12-year-old girl was among six injured at a shooting during a memorial for a victim of gun violence in Chicago.
Facebook has apologised over its Year in Review feature after some users complained about the images chosen to sum up their 2014.
Derbyshire are in line for their first Championship home win since 2014 after forcing Worcestershire to follow on.
Two men have been charged in Austria in connection with last November's Paris attacks which killed 130 people.
Fifteen-year-old cellist Laura van der Heijden has won the BBC's Young Musician prize for 2012.
Chicago-based artist Theaster Gates has won the coveted Artes Mundi 6 award in Cardiff.
Jolyon Palmer will continue to drive for Renault for the 2017 season.
An Irish man jailed in Egypt since 2013 has had his trial delayed again.
A project to explore for lithium in hot springs in Cornwall has received a £1m investment.
Police have been told to reinvestigate the unsolved murder of a woman killed in South Lanarkshire 10 years ago.
Haas have launched their new car for the 2017 season ahead of pre-season testing in Barcelona.
Companies have been invited to submit designs for the latest stretch of dual carriageway planned for the A96.
(Morning): The FTSE 100 fell after a decline in mining shares offset the impact of a bunch of upbeat results.
British roads are the most congested in Europe, a study of traffic in more than 100 EU cities suggests.
Video games makers may soon find a shortage of actors to voice their characters after 96% of union members voted in favour of strike action.
The government has taken steps to stop a masterpiece by 19th Century French artist Paul Cezanne leaving the UK.
It's probably no surprise but S Club 7 are going back on tour and have announced a series of arena gigs.
More than 550 people were mugged for their bicycles in London in the past year, figures released to BBC London show.
Ministers from 20 countries are to meet in Paris to discuss strategy against Islamic State (IS) militants.
The South East will get a bumper investment package of £30bn if Labour wins power, Jeremy Corbyn has pledged.
More than 100 people have been evacuated from a leisure centre after breathing in chemical fumes.
Facebook is fighting a US court order in which it was forced to hand over data belonging to almost 400 people involved in a benefit fraud trial.
Leicestershire have signed Ireland all-rounder Kevin O'Brien for this season's T20 Blast campaign.
About 100 activists have staged Ukraine's first gay pride march in the capital Kiev, ignoring a court ban.
The former boss of BHS has lost his driving licence after he admitted doing more than 20mph over the limit.
Barnsley have appointed Paul Heckingbottom as their head coach on a 12-month rolling contract.
Plans to cut the number of Welsh councils from 22 to single figures will be published on Wednesday.
A Liverpool-based developer is planning to invest £15m in a new hotel at the Scottish Mutual building in Belfast.
Daimler shares were down almost 7% at midday after the carmaker said it had begun an internal investigation into its diesel emissions testing.
Australia's prime minister must negotiate with 11 crossbenchers to pass laws through the country's upper house.
An e-fit released in the search for a toddler who disappeared 36 years ago may be years old, the BBC has learned.
The Labour MP for Cynon Valley, Ann Clwyd, has said she will stand for re-election in 2015.
A total of 39 people died in accidents around Scotland's coast last year, the RNLI has revealed.
Rangers will play Celtic in their Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park on Sunday 17 April.
A man has spoken of his "great sense of achievement" after swimming Britain's longest river in 18 days.
Two 17-year-old boys found dead at the bottom of a cliff have been named by police.
South Africa's high court has temporarily prevented the deportation of more than 300 undocumented migrants.
Scientists at Cardiff University are to lead a £16m project to detect, treat and prevent dementia.
A 3D-printed beak has been fitted to a sea turtle injured by a collision with a boat's propeller.
A teenager who was groomed online and abused by an older man at the age of 13 has described his "horrific ordeal".
Former England captain Charlotte Edwards is to leave Kent after 16 seasons with the women's side.
Events are to be held to recall a medieval castle demolished in the 1970s to make way for a road bridge.
Geneva has been chosen by the International Tennis Federation as the preferred venue for the first World Cup of Tennis in 2018.
A service to mark the 25th anniversary of the murder of a special constable by an IRA gunman has taken place.
Radio 1 has announced that Clara Amfo will become the new presenter of the station's Official Chart Show.
Files relating to the so-called Battle of Orgreave are expected to be made public in 2017, it has been revealed.
An evening whisky is the key to a long life, according to Britain's oldest living Olympian on his 100th birthday.
A farm worker who drove at speeds of up to 140mph to get away from police has been banned from driving for a year.
Plans for a £12m office building in Wolverhampton have been unveiled.
Almost 150 council staff and other businesses were underpaid following the introduction of a new payroll system.
Red Bull say Carlos Sainz will stay at junior team Toro Rosso in 2017.
Teeth extracted from a medieval English King will be displayed as part of the 800th anniversary of the Magna Carta.
At least 14 people have been killed by two bombs at a dog fight in the volatile Afghan province of Kandahar.
A proposed new health science centre at the University of Lincoln is to receive £5m in government cash.
Drake has retained the UK number one spot for the 15th consecutive week.
Samsung is releasing a new phone using parts from its Galaxy Note 7, which was axed after a battery fault led to some devices catching fire.
Frome Town boss Nick Bunyard has been banned from football until July 2019 for betting against teams he managed.
Full-back Blair Kinghorn has signed a new two-year contract with Edinburgh until 2019.
Retailer John Lewis has announced that Paula Nickolds will become its new managing director in 2017, replacing Andy Street.
The Irish government is to give a pardon to a man who was hanged almost 75 years ago after being wrongly convicted of murder.
The world governing body of snooker has submitted a bid to have the sport included at the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo.
Former Great Britain captain Drew Sullivan has announced his retirement from basketball at the age of 37.
About 200 people have taken part in strike action in Powys in protest over "excessive workload and cuts".
Three men have been jailed for 28 indecent assaults against boys at a school for vulnerable children.
Celtic players and fans have paid tribute to a 13-year-old boy who died after collapsing during a football training session.
A man believed to be the oldest school pupil in Nigeria has died at the age of 94, his family says.
Stand-in captain Will Smith's career-best 210 helped Hampshire post a huge first-innings total against Lancashire.
A dumper truck manufacturer has announced a further 65 redundancies at its North Lanarkshire base.
A bogus workman stole an 80-year-old woman's life savings after conning his way into her house in Glasgow.
German doctors have voiced concern about EU plans to speed up clinical drug trials and streamline testing procedures across the 27-nation bloc.
Colombia says it will investigate accusations that US contractors and military staff sexually abused minors for four years from 2003.
A 12-year-old schoolgirl who posed for "selfie" photos with Prince William says it was a dare from her mum.
A £2m programme using sport to improve the lives of people with mental health problems has been announced.
Being overweight may not be as unhealthy as it was 40 years ago, Danish research suggests.
Stanley Gibbons, the 160-year-old rare stamp and collectables business, has put itself up for sale.
Royal Troon, the host of the 2016 Open Championship, will vote on allowing women members on Friday.
Glamorgan began their one-day Cup campaign with a convincing 52-run victory over champions Gloucestershire.
Scarlets ran in five tries to move into the Pro12 top four as they survived a scare to beat league leaders Leinster.
Lasith Malinga has stepped down as captain of defending champions Sri Lanka before Tuesday's start of the World Twenty20.
A man who danced around his victim after delivering a fatal blow during a street attack in Stirling has been jailed for 32 months.
Welsh cyclist Elinor Barker has targeted a world record if Great Britain women's pursuit team qualify for Rio 2016.
More than 40 people have been killed after a powerful typhoon swept across the southern Philippines, according to local media reports.
Up to 30 "pop-up brothels" appear in Swindon each week, police have said.
Newcastle's £83m spending spree since the end of last season is "just the beginning", says manager Steve McClaren.
Gary Neville has put his £200m property development plans on hold following criticism from conservationists.
A British soldier has been killed by a bomb in Afghanistan - the 385th fatality since the campaign began.
US retail giant Home Depot says hackers who stole payment-card details of millions of customers also stole 53 million email addresses.
DR Congo's main opposition leader has died in Brussels aged 84, reports say.
An Air Canada flight bound for Toronto from Shanghai made an emergency landing after severe turbulence injured 21 passengers, including three children.
Opening batsman Jacques Rudolph has signed a contract extension which will keep him at Glamorgan until 2017.
One of two senior council officers questioned by police over a £10m loan to a football club has resigned.
A hospital trust rated "inadequate" by inspectors has announced it is investing £30m in frontline services.
The US Dow Jones stock index has closed at a record high for the 12th day running as Donald Trump promised a "big" infrastructure announcement.
The general public are being reminded that they must register to vote by 20 April if they want to take part in the general election.
The NFL has announced the full set of fixtures to be played in London in 2017.
Scarlets consolidated their place in the Pro12's top four with a hard-earned win over play-off rivals Ulster.
A triple killer won £800 compensation after items including his nose hair clippers were damaged in prison.
Boxer Amir Khan is planning to launch a team-based mixed martial arts league in Britain in 2017.
A theatre celebrating its 150th anniversary has released dozens of historic pantomime posters.
Britain's tallest mountain has been recreated in a virtual reality game that is played using 3D headgear.
World silver medal winner Imogen Bankier has retired from badminton at the age of 28, saying she no longer had the required motivation.
Ireland lost to Pakistan by 255 runs in the first of two one-day internationals between the sides at Malahide on Thursday.
Welsh police forces would be £25m a year better off if the service was devolved, a Plaid Cymru MP has claimed.
Chinese companies are unlikely to be deterred from investing in Scotland despite the collapse of a possible £10bn deal, MSPs have heard.
County Championship leaders Middlesex dominated Lancashire on day two to move closer to a first title since 1993.
Nine out of 10 VW diesel owners feel they should receive compensation over the emissions scandal, a consumer group survey suggests.
Lea Bridge station in east London, which was closed to passengers in 1985, has reopened.
Ben Proud beat his own British record as he took 50m freestyle victory at the British Swimming Championships.
A pepper spray was the likely irritant that led to 30 people at a Norfolk college needing medical treatment, the college said.
Girls spend 40% more time performing unpaid household chores than boys, according to a new report from the UN children's agency.
Two BBC Radio presenters have been charged with sex offences against four children in the 1990s.
A man charged in connection with the 2012 murder of a Northern Ireland prison officer has appeared in court after his arrest on Thursday.
A £3m fund to invest in flood prevention and resilience schemes in Calderdale has been approved by councillors.
Cardigan Castle will reopen to the local community on Tuesday following a four-year, £12m restoration.
Pakistan eased to a 96-run win over Scotland in the first of two one-day internationals in Edinburgh.
Police in Wales handled an average of 50 missing people reports a day last year, new figures have shown.
A service has been held to mark 40 years since three children and two aircrew died when an RAF plane crashed into a housing estate.
Worcestershire batsman Alex Gidman has been forced to retire from cricket at the age of 34, because of injury.
More than 99% of drug trials for Alzheimer's disease during the past decade have failed, according to a study.
A man has been jailed for more than three years for a robbery in which he took a single £10 note.
About 150 people were evacuated from homes in south London following what police described as a "huge" gas leak.
More than 200 engineers at Southern rail are to be balloted for industrial action over issues including new rosters and "impossible work targets".
Sculptor Phyllida Barlow has been selected to represent Britain at the 57th Venice International Art Biennale.
Two World War Two soldiers who were killed in action in the Netherlands more than 70 years ago have been laid to rest at a military cemetery.
A 16th Century shipwreck and London Zoo's aviary are among English heritage sites now considered to be at risk.
England weightlifter Zoe Smith won the Commonwealth Games -58kg title as Wales' Michaela Breeze took bronze.
A surge in gang violence has prompted education officials in South Africa's Western Cape Province to close 16 schools for two days.
The deportation of a Zambian-born nurse who has lived and worked in Greater Manchester for 14 years has been postponed.
A £250m scheme to expand the Grosvenor Shopping Centre in Northampton has been scrapped.
Almost 25% of radiologist posts in Northern Ireland are currently vacant.
Johnny Sexton could make a return to Leinster duty in Saturday's Pro12 Irish derby against Ulster at the RDS.
A local authority has approved "ambitious" plans to sell off £28m worth of its properties and land to help raise funds.
A drop of more than 80% in the price of leasing offshore platform supply vessels has forced a north-east Scottish firm into administration.
A school has reversed plans to allow pupils to go home early to watch a Euro 2016 match following criticism.
An 87-year-old woman died after being knocked over by automatic doors at a supermarket, an inquest has heard.
Rhys Hanbury has signed a new three-year deal with Widnes Vikings that ties him to the club until 2019.
Work to complete the "missing link" on the M8 in North Lanarkshire has begun with drivers warned to expect significant delays.
A government parenting class pilot scheme has been dubbed a "flop" after just 4% of eligible parents took part.
A 100-year-old woman was mugged outside her home in north London after returning from a prayer meeting.
Fast food giant McDonald's is to extend its sponsorship of the Olympic Games for another eight years until 2020.
A tattoo artist has been sentenced to 23 months in jail after pleading guilty to a string of sex offences.
At least 26 people were injured, four seriously, when turbulence hit a China Eastern Airlines flight from Paris on Sunday, state media reports.
More than 100 jobs have been lost in Newport due to a steel firm going into administration, it has been confirmed.
Scotland were crushed by nine wickets in their rain-affected opening Twenty20 international in Hong Kong.
A 15-year-old boy who raped a teenage girl while on bail for another sex attack has been detained for five years.
Snap, owner of the Snapchat, has priced its shares for listing on the US stock market at $17 per share.
Information that 100 patients were left waiting for hospital appointments only came to light after a council used legal powers to make it public.
A library book has been returned to Navan library in the Republic of Ireland ... 80 years late.
About 300 US paratroopers have come to western Ukraine to train with Ukrainian national guard units, the US Army says.
About 100 campaigners have been celebrating the life of an oak tree earmarked for felling in Sheffield.
One woman was trapped and 13 other people were injured after a bus crashed into a wall in west London.
The first storm to be officially named by the Met Office is bringing gusts in excess of 60mph to Northern Ireland.
Bangladesh and India have signed a historic agreement to simplify their border by exchanging more than 150 enclaves of land.
South Africa international Arno Botha's move to Ulster has fallen through following a medical assessment, the Pro12 club has announced.
Shares in Anglo American have soared after an Indian billionaire said he would spend up to £2bn taking a stake in the miner.
The corpses of up to 20 people have been found in two roadside graves on the outskirts of Tripoli.
One of Europe's biggest private stately homes is up for sale in South Yorkshire with a price tag in excess of £8m.
The UK telecoms watchdog has cast doubt on the merger of O2 and Three winning regulatory approval.
The stars of Goodness Gracious Me are reuniting for a one-off episode to celebrate 50 years of BBC Two.
Thousands of people turned out to watch a bun throwing event in Abingdon to mark the Queen's 90th birthday.
The NHS in England should be given £2bn more next year, the King's Fund health think tank has said.
It has been 28 years in the making.
Formula 1 has concluded a new agreement binding the teams, governing body and commercial arm together for the next seven years.
Kenya's Mary Keitany has become the first woman to win three consecutive New York Marathons for 30 years.
John Menzies has agreed a deal to buy plane refuelling business Asig in a deal worth almost £153m.
Smuggled gold, estimated to be worth more than £1m, has been sold at auction in Northern Ireland.
Scotland's rural economy secretary has hailed the value of country sports after the latest figures showed they were worth £155m.
O2 customer data is being sold by criminals on the dark net, the Victoria Derbyshire programme has learned.
A Dundee mother-of-13 has said she "can't wait" to become a grandmother for the first time in the summer.
The Tunisian media have relished greater freedoms, and have been in flux, since the 2011 popular revolt.
Police Scotland have confirmed that dozens of police station front counters are to close from 3 March.
Louis Smith has won his second Strictly Come Dancing title after triumphing in the 2014 Christmas special.
A further 333 jobs have been saved at steel firm Caparo, administrators say.
A man who admitted pretending to be a Formula 1 racing boss has been jailed for two years.
Formula 1 teams have welcomed the takeover of the sport's commercial arm by US group Liberty Media.
As part of the 100 women series we met some of the nurses working in areas ravaged by conflict.
The family of a 23-year-old teacher found dead in a hotel on Christmas Eve has said they feel their "future has been stolen".
Wayne Rooney should have retired from international football after Euro 2016, says ex-England captain Peter Shilton.
A message in a bottle has been found in Panama - 22 years after it was posted in Sweden.
A man has died after being struck by a car on the A78 in Irvine.
England batsman Aneurin Donald has no security concerns about the Under-19 Cricket World Cup in Bangladesh.
Lenovo, the world's biggest maker of PCs, has reported a 23% jump in profits as sales of mobile devices doubled.
Southampton picked up their first league victory over Manchester United at Old Trafford in 27 years to move up to third in the Premier League.
A hotel that shut unexpectedly leaving plans for 28 weddings in tatters has gone into liquidation.
US President Donald Trump has thanked Russian President Vladimir Putin for ordering the departure of 755 staff from US diplomatic missions.
A 13-year-old girl has been raped while walking home from a bus stop in Greater Manchester, police have said.
Derby County have appointed England Under-17 boss John Peacock to replace Paul Simpson as first-team coach.
The number of people using public transport in Scotland over the last nine years has fallen by 6%, a new report has revealed.
A memorial to the victims of the "worst recorded accident" in Britain's explosives industry has been upgraded to Grade 2* listed.
Google has hired the creator of one of the web's most notorious forums - 4chan.
About 70% of London schools could face budget cuts under government plans to change how they are funded, according to London Councils.
Nico Rosberg and Mercedes have been penalised 10 seconds for breaking radio transmission rules during the British Grand Prix.
Microsoft's next generation of its operating system, Windows 10, is due to be released next month.
After years of debate, Austria's government has announced plans to introduce a total smoking ban in cafes and restaurants by 2018.
University applications have fallen by 5% - with the decline driven by a drop in European Union students and a sharp fall in nursing applications.
"Exceptional" Roman artefacts discovered in a field in Hertfordshire date back to 174 AD, an investigation has found.
A major search operation is under way for a 25-year-old junior doctor who has gone missing.
The number of houses being built in the UK fell during the final three months of 2014, the first such decline for nearly two years.
Nigel Farage missed an appearance on BBC Question Time after getting caught in a traffic jam on the A1.
Oscar winner Nicole Kidman says she still acts like she's 21 when it comes to acting roles.
More than 100 people were injured when a commuter train derailed during rush hour in New York City, officials say.
Young people should be forced to vote in the first election after they turn 18, a centre-left think tank has said.
The girlfriend of murdered British backpacker Peter Falconio has gone back to Australia 15 years after his death to "bring him home".
A former leader of Liverpool City Council has lost his seat to an 18-year-old Labour candidate.
Shares in Australia led markets on Monday, closing 1% higher, boosted by commodity and energy-related stocks.
Two Malaysian children who lost their father on flight MH370 have settled their negligence case out of court.
An 89-year-old Gloucestershire man has been honoured for his efforts in the World War II Arctic convoys.
Details of more than 33 million US employees - including military staff - have been released online, according to a security researcher.
Former Birmingham City manager and Manchester United player Freddie Goodwin has died at the age of 82.
Country music guitarist Arthur Smith, best known for the theme tune from the 1972 film Deliverance, has died.
A 26-page job advert for a chief constable has been described as "ploddledegook" by the Plain English Campaign.
A woman with a fear of snakes discovered a 2ft-long kingsnake curled up in her kitchen drawer.
Two soldiers from 1st Battalion Irish Guards killed in Afghanistan just six days before they were due to return home have been named.
A cat has been rescued from under the bonnet of a van after travelling about 60 miles in a space behind the heater matrix.
(Close): Disney shares closed down 9% after disappointing earnings figures sparking share price falls in rival cable companies.
The last surviving founder of the left-wing Sandinista movement in Nicaragua, Tomas Borge, has died aged 81.
Water levels at a loch created in the 1950s have dropped low enough to reveal structures usually hidden underwater.
A bus carrying almost 30 school children became stuck in flood water near York after the driver allegedly ignored a road closure sign.
Formula 1 world champion Lewis Hamilton has been investigated by police after appearing to take a selfie while riding a motorbike in New Zealand.
London 2012 Olympian Helen Richardson-Walsh has missed out on England's Hockey World Cup squad after back surgery.
The mother of a woman who went missing 20 years ago and is believed to have been murdered has said the recent arrests have given her hope.
A woman has admitted pretending her dead mother was still alive for more than 20 years so she could carry on drawing her pension.
Transport Scotland will present a draft outline of the proposed improvements to a challenging hairpin bend on the A9 in Caithness next week.
The Brazilian Senate has approved a controversial amendment to the constitution capping public spending for the next 20 years.
West Brom have rejected an offer from Tottenham for England Under-21 striker Saido Berahino.
Detectives searching for a serving police officer who has been missing for six days have arrested a 49-year-old man on suspicion of murder.
Commonwealth champion Jodie Stimpson won the opening race of the 2016 World Triathlon Series in Abu Dhabi.
UK intelligence agency GCHQ has announced it will pay £250 per week to students attending its Cyber Summer Schools this year.
Defending champions Ivory Coast have been given extra financial support for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations finals.
A fire station in Northumberland is facing closure amid £500k budget cuts.
Two poems by author JRR Tolkien have been discovered in a 1936 copy of a school annual.
If the number of independent brewers in Wales continues to rise, it could hit the 100 mark within the next year.
The downsides of taking medication for type-2 diabetes may exceed the benefits for some patients, researchers have advised.
The Ring magazine has named world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury as its 2015 fighter of the year.
Wood Group, the oilfield services firm based in Aberdeen, has reported half year revenue falling 17%.
Flintshire residents have been invited to help save services threatened by £21m of council spending cuts.
With his long, ragged hair and handlebar moustache, Steven Adams looks like he has stepped out of the 1970s.
HP has apologised after an error on its website let shoppers buy expensive laptop computers for less than £2.
A 50-year-old German man has been killed and six people injured in a knife attack in a Hamburg supermarket.
Mayor of London Boris Johnson used the figure in The Sun this morning that the UK gives £350m a week to Brussels.
Saudi Arabia has begun an investigation into why a crane collapsed in the Muslim holy city of Mecca, killing at least 107 people.
The cost of the Aberdeen bypass has risen to an estimated £653m, it has been revealed.
A £1m fund has been set up to help police officers suffering from post traumatic stress disorder and other psychological illnesses.
An Arkansas prisoner who escaped more than 30 years ago has been recaptured in the city of Springdale, a prisons spokesman said.
More than 400 people have been detained in a counter-terrorism operation in Malaysia, authorities say.
Aurigny could have debts of more than £25m paid off by Guernsey's government.
Frank Bruno returning to boxing at the age of 54 would be a "travesty", says promoter Eddie Hearn.
The UK's leading bookmakers face paying out more than £10m if Leicester City win the Premier League title.
Australia have made 14 changes to the team that beat Uruguay for Saturday's crucial World Cup match against England at Twickenham.
A council has apologised to 14 vulnerable adults whose personal details were published online.
India's most famous tiger, 19-year-old Machli, has died, officials say.
Celtic midfielder Kris Commons has joined injury-hit Hibernian on an emergency loan until 15 January.
Police have identified 181 new victims in the investigation into child sex abuse within football in the UK since April.
Car owners in London will face fines of up to £100 if someone drops litter from their vehicles, under a law change.
A 93-year-old former guard at Auschwitz has died a week before he was due to stand trial in Germany.
More than a quarter of Welsh councils will not provide pest control services to private homes from 1 April.
Tottenham will take an away goal into the second leg of their Europa League last-32 tie with Fiorentina after a draw in Italy.
The Prince of Wales has given his backing to a campaign to raise £1m to secure the future of Harrogate International Festivals.
Blackpool's Central and South piers have been sold for about £8m to a family with close ties to the town.
Relatives of the victims of the IRA Birmingham pub bombings have attended a memorial service to mark the 41st anniversary of the attacks.
A woman had died in a crash involving a motorbike and a car on the A939 road near Tomintoul.
The death toll from wildfires across the US state of Tennessee has risen to 11 as search and rescue continues.
A beacon has been lit at the top of Snowdon as part of festivities to celebrate the Queen's 90th birthday.
Durham earned a narrow 11-run victory over Leicestershire in a high-scoring One-Day Cup match at Grace Road.
Bulent Mumay found out he was on a list of 42 journalists facing arrest when a friend called him on Monday morning.
Tokyo's iconic Okura hotel has closed ahead of its demolition and redevelopment for the 2020 Olympics.
The Duchess of Cambridge has visited Luxembourg on her second solo trip, to mark 150 years of the Treaty of London.
A specially painted Eurofighter Typhoon commemorating the 75th anniversary of the Battle of Britain has been unveiled.
The leaders of 10 of the world's biggest oil companies have offered their qualified support for a new global treaty on climate change.
Two Belfast men who stole £700 worth of sex toys have been given suspended prison sentences.
Commemorations have taken place across Wales to mark the 70th anniversary of Victory in Japan day.
Luke Procter's watchful century for Lancashire left Durham a final-day victory target of 247 at Southport.
Work has begun to demolish and rebuild a railway station 50 years after it was axed in the Dr Beeching cuts.
Rwanda's High Court has sentenced a pastor to life in prison for his role in the 1994 genocide.
Scotland's new tax agency has collected £572m in its first year - well above the amount that had been expected.
On 22 January, recordings of particulate air pollution were higher in London than in Beijing.
A number of building projects planned for Hull's year as UK City of Culture in 2017 have been approved by the council.
The National Trust could take back responsibility for a 17th Century estate to save a council hundreds of thousands of pounds a year.
Events are to be held to mark the 300th anniversary of the construction of what is thought to be the oldest bridge in the Highlands.
The Russian defence ministry has grounded its fleet of Mi-28 attack helicopters after a fatal accident at an air show on Sunday.
The BBC is to make 24 live HD Olympic streams available to cable and satellite providers.
A scheme allowing motorists to drive on the hard shoulder of the M6 is "dangerous," motoring groups have said.
Police have said 19 men were arrested for offences connected with the Celtic-Rangers football match in Glasgow.
A coach driver has described the "dramatic" moment he helped 59 pupils and seven teachers escape a burning bus on a motorway.
London Underground staff are to stage three 24-hour strikes and other industrial action over pay and night Tubes.
England batsman Ian Bell has signed a new deal with Warwickshire which runs until the end of the 2020 season.
Senator Lindsey Graham, the Republican foreign policy hawk, has confirmed that he will run for US president in 2016.
An engineering firm has announced the proposed closure of one site in Chepstow and the sale of another, putting 330 jobs at risk.
Wales have been practising penalties since arriving at Euro 2016, manager Chris Coleman says.
A leading Venezuelan opposition leader, Henrique Capriles, says he has been formally banned for 15 years from political activity.
Japanese shares finished higher on Friday, recovering some of the losses in the previous session when the market lost nearly 3%.
Birmingham Bears have signed former New Zealand all-rounder Grant Elliott on a Kolpak deal for the T20 Blast.
Number 10 has denied claims in a new book that Larry the Downing Street cat is disliked by the prime minister and his family.
Joe Ledley has been selected in Wales' squad for Euro 2016 after returning to training less than a month after breaking his leg.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino has signed a contract extension which commits him to the club until 2021.
The Bank of England has unveiled the design for the new plastic £5 note.
Parents have vowed to fight a £50 increase in the cost of bus passes for Kent secondary school students.
Scotch whisky producer Inver House Distillers has secured a £45m bank lending deal to support growth plans.
Swansea City are in talks with Chievo about signing striker Alberto Paloschi for a fee of around £8m.
Gregor Townsend is to replace Vern Cotter as Scotland head coach in June 2017, Scottish Rugby has announced.
Austrian Horst Saiger has gone quickest in the opening practice session for the 2017 Festival of Motorcycling on Saturday.
Radio 1 has announced a new Sunday show which will replace the current Official Chart slot when it moves to Fridays next month.
A 14-year-old girl remains in hospital after nine pupils were taken ill at school after reportedly taking an unknown substance.
An eight-year-old boy who was diagnosed with tonsillitis died less than 24 hours after being discharged from hospital.
Broxtowe's Labour candidate has said he is prepared to vote against his party on the HS2 rail project if elected.
The number of people killed in fires has fallen to its lowest for more than 20 years, provisional figures show.
Ulster Council secretary Danny Murphy has died at the age of 67.
John Robertson is the new manager of Inverness Caley Thistle, returning to the club he left almost 13 years ago.
Some 150 tonnes of rubbish has been dumped near a popular steam railway attraction in Shropshire.
West Ham forward Dimitri Payet is set to rejoin former club Marseille after the clubs agreed a £25m fee.
Former TV-am presenter Mike Morris has died aged 65.
The roof of the National Stadium of Wales will be closed for the 2017 Champions League final in Cardiff for safety reasons.
Water companies have pocketed an £800m windfall because of poor regulation, the spending watchdog has said.
Former Rangers and Wolves midfielder Alex Rae has become St Mirren manager after signing an 18-month contract.
Liverpool has been chosen as the recipient of the biggest investment into grassroots football after a £17m deal has been agreed.
Professional boxers could compete at the 2016 Olympics in Rio after the International Olympic Committee (IOC) refused to rule out the possibility.
£20m a year, that is what the harvest is worth to the apple growers of the Orchard County.
The death of the world's biggest celebrities made them some of Britain's most searched-for stars in 2014.
Two golfers from Norfolk have achieved a 25 million-to-one double hole-in-one at the same hole.
One of the wealthiest aristocrats in the UK has been banned from driving after amassing 24 points on his licence.
A 16-year-old pupil has died after being stabbed at an Aberdeen school.
Former New Zealand forward Sione Lauaki has died at the age of 35.
Five men and a woman suspected of terrorism offences have been arrested in London as part of an intelligence-led investigation involving MI5.
Championship club Wolves have parted company with head coach Walter Zenga after just 87 days in charge.
The alleged sexual assault of a 15-year-old girl by five or six males was streamed on Facebook Live, according to Chicago Police.
Police in Latin America and Europe have arrested 25 suspected members of the Anonymous hacking group, according to Interpol.
Experts at the University of Edinburgh have pinpointed more than 30 infections that are likely candidates for the next major pandemic.
A couple from Suffolk have won £148m on the Euromillions lottery.
Up to 25 jobs are under threat at Europe's biggest granite quarry in Argyll, according to union leaders.
Facebook, Google and Twitter have agreed a deal with Germany under which they will remove hate speech posted on their websites within 24 hours.
Essex will not replace injured New Zealand international fast bowler Adam Milne in their T20 Blast squad.
Norton have signed the Australian duo of Cameron Donald and David Johnson for the 2016 Isle of Man TT races.
Administrators say work will not resume on an unfinished block of flats on Ipswich waterfront until 96 completed apartments are sold.
(Close: London's leading shares closed up more than 1% in Thursday trading, partly thanks to strong results from Unilever.
There is no sign of anybody triggering Article 50 to begin the UK's process of leaving the European Union.
A bogus NHS boss who lied about his qualifications and raked in more than £1m has been jailed for two years.
Paul di Resta is to stay as Williams reserve driver for a second season in 2017.
The family of a west Belfast man who was killed 20 years ago have called for a fresh investigation into his death.
An 18-month-old family dog is unable to walk after burglars repeatedly kicked it in the head, police said.
Two companies have been announced as the combined preferred bidder to operate a £91m arena in Bristol.
Spanish unemployment figures have experienced their biggest annual fall but unemployment remains at over 20%.
Principality Building Society has announced a dip in its profits for 2015, after a record the year before.
A man in his 30s has been injured in a shooting at a wedding reception in Londonderry.
Mercedes Formula 1 boss Toto Wolff has sold off his remaining shareholding in the Williams team.
Former Australia Test opener Chris Rogers has announced his retirement following title-chasing Somerset's final match of 2016.
The UN has said that conflicts in the Middle East are depriving more than 13 million children of an education.
Diane Abbott has revealed she has Type 2 diabetes and that the condition is what forced her to take a break from the election campaign.
Boris Johnson has knocked over a 10-year-old child while playing touch rugby in Japan.
Life-like body parts have been 3D printed to help army surgeons deal with trauma injuries.
Two Belgian policemen have been questioned by their French counterparts after they were caught with 13 illegal immigrants in their car.
A couple in their 20s from Northern Ireland has drowned while on honeymoon in South Africa.
People prescribed anti-depressants should be aware they could be at increased risk of type 2 diabetes, say UK researchers.
The first of 115 new trains for the Thameslink network has arrived in West Sussex to begin tests.
Sean Lamont aims to take a step closer to Chris Paterson's Scotland cap record of 109 on the summer tour of Japan.
On Monday, former Prime Minister Gordon Brown said on BBC Radio 4's Today programme that half a million of the EU citizens in Britain were Irish.
The cost of council-run school holiday clubs has increased by nearly 70% this year, according to a charity.
A barrister who commuted by train for two years without paying has been given a suspended 16-week prison sentence.
(Open): London's FTSE 100 started higher on Tuesday.
Fast bowler Shaun Tait says Glamorgan have a good chance of progressing to the T20 Blast finals day.
A £6m project to renovate Gloucester Cathedral has begun.
Footballer Nile Ranger has been released from prison about 10 weeks into his eight-month sentence.
Taxpayers in Somerset will face at least a £50 rise in council tax after the Conservative-led county council agreed its budget earlier.
The S&P 500 index ended lower, breaking a seven-day winning streak not seen for three-and-a-half years.
Details of a £7m funding package to support City of Derry airport have been revealed by Stormont ministers.
More than 100 households were evicted every day from rented homes in England last year, the latest figures show.
Penalties for people who drop litter could reach as much as £150 under plans set out by the Department for Communities and Local Government.
An ancient pear tree due to be chopped down to make way for the HS2 high-speed rail line has been voted the best tree in England.
An Orkney sheep farmer who holds down a total of 20 jobs has been dubbed Britain's hardest-working man.
Firemen in northern Honduras have found the remains of four teenage boys who were kidnapped on 31 January.
A man who claimed to be a professional distributor of child abuse images has been jailed for 15 months.
Jordan Spieth leads the Tournament of Champions by four shots after shooting a nine-under second-round 64 in Hawaii.
The Raspberry Pi has sold 10 million units - continuing its success as the most popular British computer ever.
Tickets for a celebration to mark the Queen's 90th birthday sold out within hours of going on sale.
World number 837 Andres Romero won the BMW International as England's Richard Bland tied for second in Munich.
The Scottish government has been accused of "dragging its heels" on proposed improvements to a challenging hairpin bend on the A9 in Caithness.
The UK economy grew at its slowest rate since mid-2013 in the three months to January, according to the CBI.
The programme for the 12th Inverness Film Festival has been announced.
A volunteer netball and football coach from Cwmbran has been named as BBC Wales Sport's Unsung Hero for 2016.
Former Watford and Coventry boss Aidy Boothroyd has been confirmed as manager of the England Under-21 team.
Australia says the search for the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 will focus on the southern part of the search area in the Indian Ocean.
Wales fans hoping to follow their team on the official Euro 2016 app were left disappointed - after the country was not included.
Reading forward Hal Robson-Kanu says he will be fit for Wales' Euro 2016 campaign in France this summer.
A 23-year-old British woman who died in Thailand was unlawfully killed, an inquest has found.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt expects fly-half Jonathan Sexton to be fit for the Six Nations opener away to Scotland on 4 February.
A driving examiner has been sentenced to 240 hours community service for misconduct in public office.
Mexico celebrated double success at the 14th Homeless World Cup in Glasgow after both their men's and women's teams retained their titles.
Linfield remain top of the Irish Premiership after overcoming 10-man Coleraine at the Showgrounds.
Allowing 16-year-olds to vote will make them more vulnerable to sexual abuse, an MP has said.
The Australian outback pub made famous by the 1980s film Crocodile Dundee is up for sale.
David Dimbleby is to host the BBC's 2017 general election programme.
A woman who captured the hearts of many South Africans for her brave battle against premature aging disorder progeria has died aged 18.
Ever wondered what it's like to spend 24 hours in the world of Zlatan Ibrahimovic?
Wales have sought the advice of former Scotland manager Craig Brown to help their preparations for the Euro 2016 Championship in France.
Former pirate radio and Radio One DJ Dave Cash is celebrating 50 years of broadcasting.
Something strange has happened to Formula 1 in Germany.
A coach driver involved in a crash which left three people dead on the M1 in Bedfordshire has been arrested.
Plans for more than 100 homes are being drawn-up for the former Brooks Laundry complex in Bristol.
Drivers in England are clocking up the lowest number of miles on average since records began 12 years ago.
Bristol City head coach Lee Johnson has signed a new contract to stay with the Championship club until 2020.
A man in his 70s has died in a fire at a flat in a sheltered housing block.
Rising British star Lando Norris had an impressive first test in a current Formula 1 car with McLaren.
Five Premier League clubs were among those to benefit most financially from sending their players to Euro 2016.
The family of a primary school teacher killed at her home have made a fresh appeal for information, 20 years after her murder.
A 17-year-old high school football player from Kansas has collapsed on the sidelines and died after scoring for his team during a game.
A former athlete has claimed he knew of Scottish rugby players and footballers who doped in the 1980s.
Nearly 200 members of the RAF based in Cambridgeshire are to be disbanded.
A 150-year-old antique wedding dress that was lost after a dry cleaners went bust has been given back to its family.
A Fijian father who served in the British Army for 12 years says he feels "neglected" after being refused UK citizenship.
English rugby union club Wasps has reached its £35m target with the sale of its seven-year bond.
Sir Nick Faldo wants to compete in the Irish Open when it comes to Lough Erne for the first time in 2017.
Manager Chris Coleman was content with Wales' 2018 World Cup qualifying group after Saturday's draw in Russia.
Striker Karim Benzema will be eligible to play for France at Euro 2016 after some legal restrictions were lifted.
The RNLI has launched a drowning prevention campaign with the intention of reducing coastal deaths by 50%.
A man arrested over the death of a pedestrian hit by a car on the A27 in West Sussex on Thursday has been released without charge.
Channel 4 has removed all its full-length programmes from the video-streaming site YouTube.
Royal Navy warship HMS Bulwark is heading towards Libya after reports 14 vessels carrying migrants have left the country's coast.
The Commonwealth Games take place every four years, with the 2014 event being held in Glasgow, Scotland.
Crime writer Ruth Rendell has died aged 85, her publisher says.
Nearly £17m was paid out as overtime to police officers and staff across Wales last year.
Manager Roy Hodgson says his final 23-man England squad for the European Championships is based on attack.
Former Motherwell and Sligo Rovers boss Ian Baraclough has been appointed the new Northern Ireland Under-21 manager.
Scottish broadcaster STV could soon be the only independent station left in the Channel 3 TV network.
Police have re-opened an investigation into the murder of a woman in north Belfast almost 30 years ago.
Even in death, a couple married for nearly 62 years were inseparable.
Jade Jones says she would be "devastated" with anything less than a gold medal from the Rio 2016 Olympics.
The number of GP surgeries in Northern Ireland at its lowest since 1991, a group of doctors has said.
Marks and Spencer chief executive Marc Bolland earned more than £2m in the last fiscal year.
(Close): The London market rose more than 1%, recovering most of the ground lost on Thursday.
Great Britain's Adam Peaty won gold in the men's 100m breaststroke final at the European Championships in London.
Dundee United football legend Frank Kopel has died aged 65.
Phil Taylor produced a brilliant semi-final display to beat Adrian Lewis and stay on course for his 16th World Matchplay title.
Microsoft has u-turned over changes it made to a pop-up encouraging users to upgrade to Windows 10.
Harlequins have agreed a deal to sign Wales centre Jamie Roberts from French Top 14 side Racing Metro.
Net entrepreneur Kim Dotcom plans to relaunch the Megaupload web storage system in January 2017.
A 16-year-old girl found on a path had been stabbed to death, police said.
Relegated Dundee United open their Championship campaign at home to Queen of the South on 6 August.
Fans of Action Man have gathered at the spiritual home of the popular toy to celebrate his 50th birthday.
A new mural by street artist Banksy in Bristol has been vandalised less than 24 hours after the work appeared.
More than 260 Islamist militants have surrendered in north-eastern Nigeria, the military has said.
Only 404 people have applied for loans for adult apprenticeships in the three months since September, official data suggests.
Substitute Andy Rose scored with his first touch as Coventry City edged to victory over 10-man Bradford City.
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has announced that Turkey will hold snap elections, expected on 1 November.
Britain's first fully polymer £5 note is in the running for the International Banknote of the Year award.
Worcestershire will be without Australia all-rounder John Hastings for the remainder of the 2017 season.
West Ham are closing in on the signing of Sporting Lisbon midfielder William Carvalho for an expected £30m.
Fly-tipping was reported almost 107 times every hour across England, as the number of incidents rose for the third year in a row.
The Bank of Scotland has announced it is to close 23 branches in Scotland.
The adult-themed crime game, Grand Theft Auto 5, has won the top prize at the Golden Joystick awards.
A 20-year-old Romanian man had a lucky escape after stowing away on a plane flying from Vienna to London.
BP has lost a second attempt to suspend compensation payments over the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil rig disaster.
A memorial dedicated to British tourists killed in two terrorist attacks in Tunisia in 2015 will be erected in a Birmingham park.
A centuries-old series of plays performed by amateur actors is set to return to York Minster for the first time in 16 years.
A doomed Japanese satellite managed to capture a view of a galaxy cluster 250 million light years away just before it died, scientists have revealed.
US technology firm Apple has offered to refund Australian customers who felt misled about the 4G capabilities of the new iPad.
US stocks remained unmoved in early trade, despite an upward revision to the growth rate at the end of 2016.
Italian police in the northern city of Trieste have seized nearly 800 shotguns en route from Turkey to Belgium.
Survivors have returned to the Buchenwald concentration camp 70 years after it was liberated by US soldiers.
Killings of environmental activists have risen by 20% in the last year, according to campaign group Global Witness.
More than 50 people are reported to have been killed in heavy fighting in Syria after so-called Islamic State launched an attack in Hama province.
A boy from Wakefield has died after a suffering a head injury in an under-14s rugby league match.
Three wild cranes - the first to be bred in the West Country for 400 years - have taken flight.
Chapecoense have won their first game since most of their team were killed in a plane crash on 29 November.
An Australian couple whose three children died when Flight MH17 was shot down have a new daughter.
Thailand's army says it has now released 124 people, including politicians and activists, who were taken into custody after the coup.
In 2012 it took an elite team of superheroes to save earth from an alien army planning to enslave humanity.
Five separate child sex abuse cases have been reopened by Leicestershire Police after a review of 20 years' worth of reports.
A coroner is due to rule on whether the inquest into the deaths of 21 people in the Birmingham pub bombings will resume.
The victims of the 7 July attacks will "never be forgotten", the mayor of London has said.
About 50 people will spend the night away from their homes following a blaze in a west London tower block.
The first new design of an electricity pylon in almost 90 years has been erected at a site in Nottinghamshire.
A biscuit manufacturer is to close its Wirral factory, with the loss of 342 jobs.
Plans to build a £200m tidal barrage in Lancashire that will power tens of thousands of homes have been announced.
Two big car bombs have hit police stations in separate cities in Turkey, killing six people and wounding at least 219 others.
Nationwide has reported a record amount of mortgage lending for a six-month period and a 34% rise in profits.
American boy band mogul Lou Pearlman has died in prison at the age of 62.
British soldiers are being investigated over allegations of mistreating two Iraqi detainees in 2003.
About 800 jobs are to be cut in a planned merger of two of Scotland's biggest financial companies.
The Ospreys rugby region has posted a profit for the first time since 2007.
Police have arrested 76 people who were taking part in a mass protest at a major west London shopping centre.
New data measuring how effectively ambulance staff in Wales deal with 999 calls has been published for the first time.
Exeter Chiefs lock Geoff Parling has signed to play for Super Rugby side Melbourne Rebels for the 2018 season.
A fourth person has died following a serious crash on the M9 in West Lothian last week.
Hundreds of bus drivers are set for a 24-hour strike in a row over pay and shifts, a union has announced.
The polls open in just over 12 hours and the party leaders are all out criss-crossing the country fighting for every last vote.
An historic power station has stopped generating electricity after more than 45 years of energy production.
Singapore has confirmed 41 cases of the Zika virus which were locally transmitted.
The funeral of a Scottish oil worker who died when a helicopter crashed in Norway killing 13 people is to take place on Friday.
The Mexican authorities are reopening the investigation into last year's disappearance of 43 students in the state of Guerrero.
Precision engineering group Renishaw is to close its diagnostics unit in Glasgow, with the loss of up to 33 jobs.
England internationals Jonathan Joseph and Anthony Watson have signed new Bath contracts, keeping them at the Premiership side until at least 2019.
A suicide car bomb has killed at least 17 people, mostly women and children, near a military base in Afghanistan, officials say.
Tributes have been paid to a musician who died after falling into the River Clyde in Glasgow the day before his 22nd birthday.
Northern Ireland fans will be allowed to apply for two tickets to the Euro 2016 finals in France.
Luis Figo has joined Michael van Praag in withdrawing from the Fifa presidential election on 29 May.
Taylor Swift has pulled her hit album 1989 from Apple's new streaming music service and criticised the company.
Scotland's renewable energy output increased by 45% in the first quarter of this year, compared with the same period last year.
(Close): The FTSE 100 clawed back its early falls as gains in mining stocks outweighed losses among banks.
Chinese Super League clubs face a 100% tax on signings as their mid-season transfer window opens on Monday.
Police in Serbia have arrested about 80 people in what has been described as the country's biggest anti-corruption investigation in decades.
Brendon McCullum scored the fastest Test century in his 101st and final match for New Zealand before retiring.
Bruce Anstey again set the pace in the third qualifying session for the 2017 Festival of Motorcycling on Wednesday.
BBC Sport will broadcast the ATP World Tour Finals until 2018 after extending its deal to cover the season finale.
Pinewood Studios is set to double in size after winning an appeal against the rejection of its £200m expansion plan.
Athletes have been warned to prepapre for an updated list of banned substances coming into force in 2017.
Fashion group Ted Baker has reported strong profits for the first half of 2016 despite challenging trading conditions.
A motorist who murdered a love rival when he ploughed into his bicycle at 40mph has been jailed for life.
Glastonbury organisers have said they will not hold an event at another site during its "fallow" year in 2018.
At least 30 people have been killed on Myanmar's border with China, after clashes between ethnic rebels and the security forces.
Wales fly-half Rhys Priestland has reversed his decision to take an 18-month break from international rugby.
Former Olympian Ron Hill has completed his ambitious goal of running at least a mile a day for 50 years.
Great Britain and Ireland ended a 16-year wait for Curtis Cup glory by beating the United States.
Researchers have created the first high-resolution 3D digital model of the human brain, which they have called "Big Brain".
Striker Nouha Dicko has signed a new deal which will keep him at Championship club Wolves until 2020.
A 14-year-old girl from Leeds has been named as a victim of the Manchester Arena bomb attack.
The fire that partially destroyed a 16th Century hall in Manchester was arson, police have said.
Health ministers from 11 West African countries have adopted a common strategy to fight a deadly Ebola outbreak in the region.
An inquest into the 1976 Kingsmills massacre has been adjourned until later this month.
The Philippines is holding a day of mourning for 44 police commandos killed in a clash with Muslim rebels.
Boston has been selected by the United States Olympic Committee as its candidate city to host the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games.
Apple sold fewer iPhones than a year ago in the first three months of 2017, the company said in its latest results.
UK regulators have given the green light to plans for a 400-mile subsea power cable linking Scotland and Norway.
A busy Manchester road which partly collapsed when a sinkhole appeared is to remain closed for at least 10 days.
Bank of Scotland has unveiled the design of its new £10 polymer note, which is due to enter circulation in the autumn.
Almost two-thirds of people aged over 75 have never gone online, suggest figures from the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
A head teacher has defended excluding 72 students from regular classes for not complying with uniform rules.
A 15-year-old boy has been found guilty of murdering a teenager outside his school gate.
French engine expert Gilles Simon has left his role as a consultant to Honda's struggling Formula 1 programme.
The pay of directors' at FTSE 100 firms has reached "stratospheric" levels, according to a trade union body.
Wales boss Chris Coleman has dismissed the idea of Wales being part of a Team GB football side at the 2020 Olympics.
The US army private serving a 35-year prison sentence for leaking classified documents has thanked President Barack Obama for shortening her sentence.
Stephen Fry has said Crossrail 2 poses a threat to Soho's "authentic soul".
Films by Spike Lee and Werner Herzog will be among those premiering at the 2016 Sundance Film Festival.
Mortgage lending in 2015 was the highest for seven years, according to the Council of Mortgage Lenders (CML).
Brazilians angered at the 48-hour suspension by a court of the WhatsApp messaging application have been taking to social media.
Scotland has won the International Cricket Council's Best Overall Cricket Development Programme Award for 2015.
Lille have offered free entry to women after sexist banners appeared in the home crowd in Saturday's Ligue 1 match at Lyon.
Australia's Test series with India will now begin in Adelaide on 9 December following the death of Phillip Hughes.
A police investigation into allegations of child abuse within football has received 130 referrals since it got under way in November.
Motherwell have received more than 30 applications for the vacant manager's position at Fir Park.
More than 20 migrants are said to have suffocated in the hold of an overloaded boat off the Libyan coast.
Ireland wing Keith Earls will miss the Test against New Zealand on 5 November after being suspended for two weeks following his red card on Saturday.
A fresh dig to find the remains of a young girl who disappeared almost 34 years ago has taken place in Donegal.
Japan's Sharp has announced the first smartphone screen capable of showing images in 4K resolution.
Liverpool have signed central defenders Mamadou Sakho and Tiago Ilori for a combined fee of about £25m.
Two Pembrokeshire police officers left work early 126 times in three months, a jury has heard.
A Scottish couple are celebrating after winning £1m and all-expenses paid break to Dubai in a EuroMillions draw.
The Euro 2016 final drew nearly three million more viewers than Andy Murray's win at Wimbledon on Sunday.
More than 600 bodies have been pulled from the rubble of a Bangladeshi clothing factory complex that collapsed last week, police say.
East Midlands Ambulance Service (EMAS) has overspent by almost £9m so far this financial year.
A 22-year-old man has been arrested at Sydney Airport as he was allegedly attempting to leave for Syria.
Wildlife campaigners are opposing plans for 460 new homes near Newcastle amid fears they could harm neighbouring red squirrels.
A cargo plane has crashed on take-off near the international airport in South Sudan's capital Juba, killing at least 36 people.
A man has denied murdering a teenager who was stabbed to death more than 30 years ago.
McLaren have signed British teenager Lando Norris to their young driver programme, with a view to developing him towards a Formula 1 career.
At least 25 residents were evacuated from a care home after a large fire tore through the property.
Nine railway workers were within seconds of being hit by a train travelling at 98mph, a safety investigation has found.
Unbeaten favourite Nyquist won the 142nd running of the Kentucky Derby at Churchill Downs.
A 12-year-old scout has died at an international jamboree in Finland.
Shares in DFS Furniture have plunged by 22% after the sofa specialist issued a profit warning.
British former world heavyweight champion Frank Bruno wants to return to the ring at the age of 54.
West Brom are interested in Liverpool's £30m-rated defender Mamadou Sakho.
US comedian and civil rights activist Dick Gregory has died at the age of 84, his family has announced.
Swiss voters have rejected a proposal that would have limited executive pay to 12 times that of the lowest paid.
A plane aborted its landing at Manchester Airport after winds of up to 70mph swept across the North West.
A pharmacist has been given a suspended sentence for supplying the wrong drugs to a grandmother of 15 who later died.
Somerset all-rounder Peter Trego says the abuse directed at players in Twenty20 cricket has reached "football hooligan levels".
England should recall Kevin Pietersen for the forthcoming World Twenty20, according to Michael Vaughan.
A memorial has taken place to remember Hull's vessels used in the 1982 Falklands conflict.
A man who killed an 18-year-old motorist in a crash that split her car in two has been jailed for six years.
The son of the Brazilian football legend Pele has been sentenced to 33 years in jail for laundering money raised from drug trafficking.
Police in India say they have killed 16 Maoist rebels in the central state of Chhattisgarh.
The proposed 10-month Premiership rugby season "fills players with dread", says Leicester Tigers captain Tom Youngs.
Queen's University, Belfast (QUB) has fallen 12 places in the latest global university rankings.
Police are to review an investigation into the death of a man at his Gloucestershire farm 27 years ago.
A Bangladeshi cricket team conceded 92 runs in the space of four balls to deliberately lose a match in a protest over umpiring.
Crime on the railways fell by 11% in Wales last year, while the number of sexual offences reported rose, new figures show.
The Thames Barrier has closed for a record 50th time this winter, making it the busiest period in its history.
A £3m package of "targeted discounts" for Scottish rail passengers with season tickets has been announced.
Matt Lucas is set to return to Doctor Who for its 10th series.
France defender Raphael Varane has been ruled out of the host nation's Euro 2016 campaign with a thigh injury.
Hundreds of lives could be saved if patients with hip fractures were operated on in under 24 hours, a new study reveals.
Ebbsfleet salvaged a late draw at Maidenhead to extend their unbeaten run to 31 league games.
A violent rapist who first struck as a teenager more than 20 years ago has been jailed for life.
Officers were justified in using a patrol car to kill a dog running loose on the A55, a review for North Wales Police has said.
Teenage Nottingham Forest striker Ben Brereton has signed a new contract which will keep him at club until 2021.
Australian sprinting legend and four-time Olympic gold medallist Betty Cuthbert has died aged 79.
Bolivia's military chiefs have ordered the dismissal of 702 servicemen who have been protesting to demand better working conditions.
The FTSE 100 remained on track for its best week since July, but shares in Capita continued to fall.
About 100 water voles are to be released in the Yorkshire Dales.
Northampton Saints centre Harry Mallinder is among 13 youngsters to sign new deals with the club.
Roger Federer has signed a three-year deal to play at his hometown event in Basel until the age of 38.
Tributes have been paid to Bridgend-born actress Deddie Davies, who has died at the age of 78.
Scottish Water has said a water supply which has prompted complaints about its quality is safe and "complies 100%" with standards.
Entertainment giant Walt Disney has announced the sale of its Miramax film division for about $660m to a group of private equity investors.
Defending world champion Jonathan Rea has won the opening race of the 2017 Superbike World Championship at Phillip Island.
Visitor numbers to Northern Ireland hit an all-time high in 2015, according to new tourism statistics.
Investigations into nearly 60 allegations of unlawful killing against UK soldiers in Iraq have been dropped, the Ministry of Defence says.
The world's first cancer vaccine was administered in Australia exactly 10 years ago.
Funding of £12m has been promised by the government to help preserve the Ironbridge Gorge in Shropshire.
The overall breastfeeding rate in Scotland has stayed relatively static over the last 10 years, despite efforts to highlight the benefits.
Fourteen teams started the 11th World Cup in Australia and New Zealand - only four now remain to contest the semi-finals.
Back-row forward Alasdair Strokosch has retired from international rugby after 47 Test appearances for Scotland.
More than 200 jobs could be lost and council tax could rise under budget plans.
John Berry, a founding member of rap group Beastie Boys has died at the age of 52.
Four London 2012 Olympic weightlifting champions have tested positive for performance-enhancing drugs.
Brazilian prosecutors have filed homicide charges against 21 people a year after an iron ore mine disaster in the state of Minas Gerais.
At 1am on Easter Sunday, the clocks moved forward by one hour, marking the start of British Summer Time.
New information suggests a man who disappeared almost 25 years ago may have been killed and buried on land in Merseyside, police say.
Technology companies could face fines of up to 4% of their global annual turnover under new European rules on data protection.
Regional airline Flybe has hit turbulence, running up a near £20m loss after previous expansion plans proved too ambitious.
A 73-year-old DJ who played sets at Glastonbury has gone missing, his family has said.
A 25% increase in hate crimes against transgender people has been recorded in London this year, according to figures released by the Met Police.
Double Olympic champion Charlotte Dujardin says her horse Valegro will retire after the Rio Games in 2016.
Letters are to be sent to businesses and residents on Hawick High Street reminding them of the 30-minute parking limit in the area.
The authorities in eastern Libya have ordered a temporary freeze on a controversial travel ban on Libyan women under the age of 60.
Germany's Marcel Kittel has abandoned the Tour de France after crashing on Wednesday's stage 17 in the Alps.
Phil Simmons has been sacked as West Indies coach just five months after their stunning World T20 triumph.
Former BBC Radio 1 DJ Dave Lee Travis was "financially ruined" by his lengthy legal battles, a court has heard.
Rio 2016 organisers have revealed the medals that will be competed for at this summer's Olympics.
A Powys village school funded by an aristocrat for 291 years will close on Friday.
A call centre company is to create 800 new jobs in Enniskillen, County Fermanagh.
Mickey Harte has indicated that he plans to remain on as Tyrone football manager in 2016.
Chelsea have signed midfielder Danny Drinkwater from Leicester City for £35m.
A rise in under-18s being reported to the police for distributing indecent images of children has raised concerns over 'sexting'.
Girls are "more afraid" of mathematics than boys in 80% of countries, according to a new study.
An agreement in principle has been reached to end a long-running equal pay dispute between North Lanarkshire Council and about 200 female staff.
Inter Milan have sacked manager Frank de Boer after just 85 days in charge of the Italian club.
Hollywood actor Mickey Rourke has won an exhibition boxing match in Moscow after returning to the ring for the first time in 20 years.
The Conservatives have won the constituency of Gower - a seat Labour has held for more than 100 years.
Floods that affected nearly 500 properties in a Cumbria town had "overwhelmed" defences, a report said.
A system to keep traffic moving along a busy stretch of the M4 near Newport has begun by varying speed limits in response to road conditions.
A new exhibition to mark the 30th anniversary of the end of the miners' strike has opened.
UK car manufacturing slipped in October for the first time in 14 months amid slower domestic demand, according to the industry's trade body.
European aircraft maker Airbus is planning to ramp up production of its A320 following a profitable third quarter earnings.
Cornish Pirates director Colin Groves has estimated that work on the Stadium for Cornwall will start "in the middle of 2017".
Officials at the referendum count in Glasgow have said they are investigating 10 cases of suspected electoral fraud at polling stations.
A historic carnival will mark the 800th anniversary of the role of Lord Mayor of the City of London next Saturday.
The collapse of an £800m NHS out-sourcing contract is to reviewed by independent experts.
Carole King is to play her first UK concert in more than 25 years at the BST festival in London's Hyde Park.
Radio 1 has announced some of the content which will appear on the station's section of BBC iPlayer.
Unemployment in Northern Ireland fell by 400 in July, according to the latest government figures.
Peter Murchie has signed a new one-year contract with Glasgow Warriors, keeping him at Scotstoun until May 2017.
The building which will be S4C's new headquarters has no other tenants signed up yet, MPs have been told.
Police in China have taken 175 people into custody in what authorities are calling the country's biggest ever operation to recover stolen artefacts.
Platypus venom could pave the way for new treatments for type 2 diabetes, say Australian researchers.
Bristol City have signed Oxford United winger Callum O'Dowda for a fee of at least £1m.
It is 40 years since US President Jimmy Carter visited Tyneside on his first foreign trip.
Most passengers will pay the same fares in 2020 as they do now, London Mayor Sadiq Khan has announced.
Chris Ashton will appeal against a 10-week ban that would rule him out of England's entire Six Nations campaign.
The government has announced that our most congested road, the A14, will be tolled.
Woking's winless run in the league extended to 13 games after Gateshead came from behind to earn a point.
Information is being sought over a teenage mother who went missing in the West Midlands 10 years ago this month.
Liverpool have rejected a third bid from Barcelona for Philippe Coutinho - believed to be in the region of £114m.
A final commemorative round £1 coin has been struck using a design created by the Bishop of St Asaph following a Royal Mint competition.
Yaya Toure has been voted the BBC African Footballer of the Year 2015.
A Portsmouth prison built in 1877 has closed its doors for the last time.
At least 77 people have been killed after a lorry loaded with passengers and goods crashed in the Central African Republic, officials say.
A man has been jailed for 27 years after seven people were injured in a series of shootings during a feud between rival gangs.
German prosecutors have indicted Formula 1 motor racing boss Bernie Ecclestone on a bribery charge.
St Helens have named an unchanged 19-man squad from the one that secured a narrow victory at Warrington.
Briton Sally Conway defeated Austria's Bernadette Graf to win the -70kg judo bronze medal.
A school has apologised to a Christian teaching assistant it disciplined for sharing her views on gay relationships with a 14-year-old student.
Aircraft maker Boeing has reported a 25% rise in quarterly profit, helped by an increase in deliveries of commercial aircraft.
Australia were bowled out for only 85 on the first day of the second Test against South Africa at Hobart.
Norman Hudis, best known for writing the first six Carry On films, has died at the age of 93.
Japan's Olympic organisers have unveiled the new official logos of the 2020 Tokyo Olympic and Paralympic Games.
Some 20 people, including senior officials, have been killed in an attack on a hotel in the Somali capital, witnesses have told the BBC.
A 29-year-old British man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the deaths of two women in Hong Kong.
3D imagery has now reached China's rice paddy fields.
The partial ceasefire for Syria brokered by the United States and Russia is scheduled to come into effect on 27 February.
A 17-year-old schoolgirl has been granted permission to leave class to save lives at sea after becoming an RNLI volunteer.
UK scientists have successfully germinated seeds from the critically endangered Japanese Birch, a species that has just 21 known trees remaining.
The assembly's four party leaders have delivered New Year messages with an eye on the 2016 elections.
Tommy Wright insists St Johnstone are on course to equal last season's points tally of 57 despite a recent poor run.
Plans for American sides to join the Pro12 have been dismissed by the company running the pro game in the US.
A cathedral police force has been given back the power of arrest for the first time in nearly 80 years.
Campaigners supporting a £15m plan for Liverpool's Welsh Streets have protested outside the opening of a public inquiry into it.
American Tyler Alexander, one of the key figures in the founding of the McLaren team, has died aged 75.
A former Thai general has been sentenced to 27 years in jail for human trafficking at a landmark trial.
A man who was given a kidney by his best friend says he feels "100% better" and is considering a charity skydive.
A memorial party for murdered teenager Jayden Parkinson is being held on what would have been her 19th birthday.
Wales lock Luke Charteris could be a doubt for the Six Nations match against France in Cardiff on 26 February.
A Brecon man who murdered a soldier in the town has been sentenced to life with a minimum of 16 years in prison.
Renowned saxophonist and rapper Soweto Kinch is to front a new-look jazz show on BBC Radio 3.
An exhibition celebrating the 135th anniversary of what is billed as the largest travelling funfair in Europe has opened in Newcastle.
A suicide bombing near the defence ministry in the Afghan capital of Kabul has killed at least 12 people, the government says.
Some of you will have seen the news that a three-bloc trade deal is being signed between 26 African states in Egypt today.
An MP from Cornwall is calling for an investigation into the impact of increasing VAT to 20%.
Profits at telecoms group BT have fallen after it took a £225m charge related to its Italian accounting scandal.
A silent film made 87 years ago about Scottish herring fishermen is shown at venues across Scotland accompanied by performances by a beatboxer.
A Coventry-based black taxi manufacturer is to sell 400 cabs to Saudi Arabia.
A major global commercial fair - Milan Expo 2015 - has opened in northern Italy with food as the theme.
South Korea's spy agency has admitted it tried to manipulate the result of the 2012 presidential election.
Soldiers from the Royal Regiment of Scotland have paraded down the Royal Mile in Edinburgh to mark the 10th anniversary of its creation.
Kate Winslet has landed her 11th Golden Globe nomination for the Danny Boyle film Steve Jobs.
RBS has announced that it is shutting 30 more Scottish branches.
Tributes have been paid to the Orange Prize-winning writer Helen Dunmore, who has died of cancer at the age of 64.
Police have released the name of a 65-year-old Chinese restaurant owner murdered in County Antrim.
Haggis imports have been outlawed in the US for more than 40 years.
The effect of "vivid 3D vision" can be experienced with just one eye, a study has suggested.
Sebastian Vettel has signed a new contract to stay with Ferrari until the end of 2020.
Five new rail stations should be completed by March 2020 after funding was confirmed, officials have said.
A new £500m plan to transform Swansea city centre will succeed, the leader of the city's council has said.
A fourth union has announced it will be take part in a 24-hour Tube strike next month in a row over pay and conditions.
A railway station could be returned to a Ceredigion village for the first time in more than 50 years.
A British family-owned marine services company has been sold outright in a deal worth £40m.
Southampton have signed Chelsea midfielder Oriol Romeu for £5m on a three-year contract.
Some probation staff monitoring offenders in England and Wales are handling more than 70 cases at a time.
Manchester United forward Anthony Martial has been unfazed by his "huge" £36m transfer fee, says Martin Keown.
An East Yorkshire village has been commemorating the 950th anniversary of a historic battle.
Gas production has started from a North Sea field first discovered more than 40 years ago when its development was considered "impossible".
Scientists in Peru have managed to reconstruct the face of a powerful ancient female leader using 3D printing.
Can you name all 32 counties of Ireland?
Double track world champion and Olympic silver medallist Becky James has retired, at the age of 25.
Daniel Ricciardo says he will stay at Red Bull until the end of 2018.
Ministers have set out details of how they aim to save the NHS £1bn on agency staff costs over the next three years.
Peregrine chicks nesting in a 23-storey tower block have been ringed to help monitor their future movements.
Telecoms company Vodafone has pulled out of a £20m deal to sponsor West Ham's London Stadium home.
The government's spending review that will set out departmental budget cuts over the next five years will take place on 25 November.
Hopes of restoring a 13th Century garden in Denbighshire have been boosted by the Heritage Lottery Fund.
Detailed plans have been submitted for a £300m extension of Sheffield's Meadowhall shopping centre.
Cabinet Office minister Francis Maude has announced he is to stand down at the next election, 32 years after entering parliament.
A Nato oil tanker has exploded in northwest Pakistan, killing at least 15 people, say officials.
A grandmother has thanked well wishers who have saved her family's Christmas after a burglar stole £900 in presents.
The Scottish Conservatives have pledged an extra £60m to Scotland's colleges as the party sets out its election platform.
A man has celebrated 30 years since his heart-lung transplant - thought to be the longest anyone has survived after the procedure.
A cyber attack on the French television network TV5 Monde may have been carried out by Russian-based hackers, police believe.
Currys PC World has been reprimanded for a second time about broadcasting misleading adverts for 4K televisions.
Bernard Matthews is to close a processing plant in Lincolnshire with the loss of up to 80 jobs.
BBC Radio 2 presenter Paul O'Grady has choked up as he paid tribute to his "good friend" Cilla Black.
Lack of exercise is the biggest risk factor for heart disease in women aged 30 and above, according to a study.
A 26-year-old man has been charged with murdering a south Wales teenager at a holiday caravan park.
The deputy leader of Sheffield City Council has announced he is to stand down after 13 years as a councillor.
Plans for a £70m redevelopment of Exeter bus station have been given the go-ahead.
Kenya's Wildlife Service says it is pursuing a gang of poachers they suspect of killing an entire family of 11 elephants.
Greece's parliament has narrowly approved the 2016 budget that includes sharp spending cuts and some tax increases amid economic recession.
Former Olympic bronze medallist Kelly Sotherton is to return to heptathlon and hopes to compete at London 2012.
A 13-year-old girl has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death.
Lincoln's West Parade police station will close by 2019, the Police and Crime Commissioner has said.
Hospital bosses in Sussex have apologised after about 850 patients were sent leaflets in error suggesting they might have cancer.
John "Brad" Bradbury, drummer with The Specials, has died at the age of 62.
Japanese footballer Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a one-year contract extension with Yokohama FC at the age of 48.
The Northern Ireland health service is to receive an extra £72m to help deal with pressures in the service.
Lord Derby has won a key High Court stage of his fight to build 400 homes on his land.
World champion cyclist Martyn Irvine has been named the 2013 BBC Northern Ireland Sports Personality of the Year.
Two Turkish soldiers have been killed and 31 wounded in a suicide attack by Kurdish PKK militants, the Turkish military says.
An public inquiry is under way into plans for up to 500 new homes in an area of open land in Kent.
A review team looking at the quality of life of older people is to swoop unannounced on 100 care homes.
MPs have called on the UK government not to cut its funding of Welsh language channel S4C.
The main tunnel serving Scotland's third busiest rail station is to close for 20 weeks, causing major disruption.
Australia has confirmed it sent 46 asylum seekers back to Vietnam after intercepting their boat off the coast of Western Australia last month.
MotoGP championship leader Marc Marquez moved 52 points clear in the title race with victory at the Aragon Grand Prix.
Red Bull have said that their hopes of securing a Mercedes engine supply in 2016 are now over.
Two international rugby stars have returned to their home club to help coach an under-10s team and to watch the first XV in action.
The world's oldest person has died in Italy at the age of 117, reports say.
Racing 92 are the best team in Europe, says Scarlets captain Ken Owens.
A £250m government scheme encouraging councils to keep or bring back weekly bin collections is opening for bids.
Actor Sir Christopher Lee is marking his 92nd birthday by releasing an album of heavy metal cover versions.
Action to reduce the number of Welsh children with type 1 diabetes from being admitted to hospital is needed as cases continue to rise, experts warn.
A woman who nearly drowned during a school swimming lesson when she was 10 years old has won a compensation battle at the High Court.
Radamel Falcao has been omitted from Chelsea's 25-man squad for the Champions League knock-out stages.
Last year's winner Many Clouds heads Saturday's Grand National field after the 40-runner line-up was confirmed.
Coronation Street and Keeping up Appearances actor Geoffrey Hughes has died aged 68, his agent has said.
Lung cancer rates in women have almost doubled in Scotland over the past 40 years, according to a charity.
Petrol and diesel prices rose sharply in October, said the RAC, taking them to their highest level since July 2015.
Lancashire moved up to second in the County Championship table after thrashing Hampshire by an innings and 30 runs at Old Trafford.
Three different 999 services had to be stood down after a "body in the water" turned out to be a bronze sculpture.
Solihull held on to claim a narrow victory over Bromley despite being reduced to 10 men late on.
A 200-year-old burial site has been discovered during redevelopment work at Brighton Dome Corn Exchange.
Ambulance crews who gave a cardiac arrest patient 17 high-energy electric shocks say he is lucky to be alive.
One person has been taken to hospital after a serious crash on the M4 in Cardiff involving a tanker and a van.
An 11-year-old girl has written a letter to burglars who raided her home and stole birthday and Christmas presents.
Vitamin B3 could be the new weapon in the fight against superbugs such as MRSA, researchers have suggested.
Twenty full-time firefighters could lose their jobs in Suffolk in order to meet budget cuts of more than £1m.
Almost one in 500 babies in hospitals in England is born dependent on substances their mother took while pregnant, a BBC investigation has found.
Jono Gibbes is to become the head coach of Pro12 side Ulster on a two-year deal in the summer.
Germany's Michael Jung retained his Olympic individual eventing title by winning gold at Rio 2016 on his second-choice horse.
Opener David Warner hit an unbeaten 122 as Australia drew a rain-affected third and final Test against West Indies.
Despite being a ratings winner for Channel 4, Benefits Street came with its fair share of complaints.
There were angry scenes on Monday night as the bill enabling the government to trigger Article 50 cleared the Lords.
Joseph Parker and Andy Ruiz Jr will fight for the WBO heavyweight title vacated by Tyson Fury on 10 December.
The FBI is investigating another wave of bomb threats to Jewish facilities in the US after 11 sites were evacuated on Monday.
An independent investigation into the disappearance of 43 Mexican students nearly a year ago has rejected the government's account of events.
A plan for up to 117 new homes on a site at Carrbridge in the Cairngorms National Park has been turned down.
Police invoked special stop and search powers after three people were stabbed within 10 minutes in a town centre.
Mexican Sergio Perez is to continue with Force India for a fourth successive season in 2017.
A 15-year-old girl has died despite being rescued after she was swept into the sea in North Tyneside.
Reported incidents of livestock worrying have risen by 55%, according to police.
The longest-serving Lib Dem peer and veteran human rights campaigner, Lord Avebury, has died at the age of 87.
You wait more than 15 years for a new Ghostbusters film, and then two come along at the same time.
A 26-year-old lawyer has pleaded guilty to murdering a young teacher whose body was found at a hotel on Christmas Eve.
Wall Street posted solid gains, with the S&P 500 and Nasdaq indexes reaching record highs.
A commemorative £5 coin is being produced to honour the first birthday of Prince George of Cambridge.
The chief constable of Northumbria Police will retire after 30 years of service, it has been announced.
A vigil has taken place in Cardiff Bay for French citizens and others following terror acts in Paris which left 17 people dead in three days.
It's a big day for plastic money in England and Wales: The new £5 polymer note has been released by the Bank of England.
A suspected illicit cigarette-processing factory in Birmingham, thought to be capable of producing 35 million a month, has been shut down.
Downton Abbey will be coming back for a sixth series in 2015, ITV has confirmed.
Hundreds of photos of Bristol taken for a competition to show "24 Hours in Our City" are on show.
A further £27m for the refurbishment of the Burrell Collection has been approved by Glasgow City Council.
The restoration of natural bends to a river in Cumbria after 200 years has spawned benefits for breeding fish.
British conductor Christopher Hogwood has died aged 73.
European aircraft maker Airbus has cut production of its A380 superjumbo for the second time in a year.
A £15m cash fund to boost culture and creativity across the North of England has been announced by the government.
House price inflation across the UK jumped to 9% in March, as landlords rushed to beat stamp duty changes, official figures show.
Durham County Council has approved plans to cut the salaries of teaching assistants by nearly 23% by not paying them during school holidays.
A Singapore museum will return to India an 11th Century sculpture believed to have been stolen from that country.
Pennsylvania police are hunting a man who shot and killed an 18-year-old girl in a "road rage incident".
An inquest into the deaths of 11 men at the Shoreham Airshow is not likely for another year, the BBC can reveal.
Ballyliffin in County Donegal will host the Irish Open for the first time in 2018.
A school has been forced to close until Monday after more than 145 pupils and staff came down with a sickness bug.
A radio station opposed to Zimbabwe's government has shut down after 13 years of broadcasting from the UK.
Pakistan will play in the World Twenty20 after the government approved their participation in India.
Former Peterborough United and Cambridge United manager Chris Turner has died, aged 64.
Betty Churcher, one of Australia's most popular and innovative arts administrators, has died aged 84.
Prison guards have shot dead 17 inmates after a mass breakout at Buimo prison in Papua New Guinea.
Mexican comic actor Ruben Aguirre, loved by millions of children and adults across Latin America, has died, aged 82.
Gardaí (Irish police) investigating the disappearance of a man in Dublin almost 17 years ago have begun fresh searches.
Formula 1 bosses have agreed to ditch the controversial double points rule.
British Swimming's performance director Michael Scott has resigned following a review into results at London 2012.
(Close): Sports Direct shares dived 11% after the retailer's half-year results fell short of expectations.
Triple J have confirmed Taylor Swift was disqualified from this year's Hottest 100.
Renault will stop supplying engines to Formula 1 teams as soon as possible.
The FTSE 100 closed slightly lower on the last day of campaigning before the general election.
The Griffin family is moving home - to ITV2.
Former Beatle Sir Paul McCartney has topped the Sunday Times Rich List of musicians with his £730m fortune.
Former drug smuggler turned author Howard Marks has died at the age of 70.
Eighteen people died when their tour bus collided with a lorry and burst into flames on the A9 motorway in southern Germany, police say.
An Israeli committee has postponed a vote to authorise construction of almost 500 new homes in Jewish settlements in occupied East Jerusalem.
A 16-year-old boy who raped and sexually assaulted younger girls has been sentenced to eight years' detention.
A 91-year-old war veteran had his six medals stolen from his home while he went on a shopping trip.
Eugene has defended its role in winning the right to host the 2021 World Championships.
Brunhilde Pomsel, the former secretary to Nazi Germany's propaganda boss Joseph Goebbels, has died aged 106.
At least 59 people have been killed after a truck bomb exploded in north-eastern Baghdad, Iraqi officials say.
Chris and Gabby Adcock will this week bid to become the first British badminton world champions since 2006.
Russian police have raided 25 premises in Moscow and St Petersburg linked to the Japanese Aum Shinrikyo cult.
Elderly Germans may have to keep working until the age of 69 if a Bundesbank proposal is adopted.
Police in the US state of North Dakota say they have arrested 76 people protesting against a controversial oil pipeline.
A man has been jailed for four years for attacking a woman in her 20s in the street in Canterbury.
The Rugby Players' Association has "unanimously rejected" proposals for an extended 10-month Premiership season.
Police in Edinburgh are investigating after 25 cars were vandalised in one night across the north of the city.
The cost of a bike hire scheme in Dumfries works out at more than £60 per rental, new figures show.
The police watchdog has launched an investigation following the death of a 50-year-old woman.
Online grocer Ocado has reported a full-year pre-tax profit for the first time since launching in 2000.
Wales will use the pain of past failures as inspiration to reach the Euro 2016 finals, says Chris Gunter.
Lewis Hamilton said he was "not worried" about his difficult start to the Formula 1 season.
Queen's University in Belfast has been awarded more than £8m in research funding from an EU cross-Irish border scheme.
A 40-year-old man has been arrested in Crawley, West Sussex, on suspicion of terror offences.
The victim of a pensioner jailed for 13 years for horrific sex attacks has told of the abuse that ruined her life.
Collins English Dictionary has chosen binge-watch as its 2015 Word of the Year.
Great Britain has selected 17 crews for the World Rowing Championships in Florida.
Remnants from an RAF Spitfire plane which crashed into a field in County Monaghan in 1942 have been recovered.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong to mark 20 years since the territory was handed back to China by Britain.
Russia has said bomb attacks which killed at least 140 people in Syria were aimed at "subverting attempts" to reach a political settlement.
A collapse in the global price paid for recycled waste has cost Welsh councils more than £1m in lost income.
Hampshire's Liam Dawson says it would be "amazing" to make his England Twenty20 debut on his home ground.
The government and French energy giant EDF have signed the key contract for the new £18bn Hinkley Point C nuclear power station.
A confidential helpline has seen a nearly 90% increase in requests for help from serving military personnel, an armed forces charity has said.
A soldier who killed three colleagues and injured 16 others in a shooting at US Army base was being treated for depression and anxiety.
The United Nations says there was a 50% increase last year in the area of land being used to cultivate coca leaf in Colombia.
Officials say 102 pilgrims have been killed in a stampede at a religious festival in the southern Indian state of Kerala.
A bridge built in the 14th Century has reopened after it was hidden from view for more than a century.
Prince William and Prince Harry have visited a London memorial garden for their mother on the eve of the 20th anniversary of her death.
Andrew Crofts says his ambition to play at Euro 2016 is part of the reason for his loan move to Gillingham.
The novelist Jackie Collins has died of breast cancer at the age of 77, her family said in a statement.
Chinese businessman Dr Tony Xia has completed his £76m takeover of Championship club Aston Villa.
A trustee of a group which secured the £12m restoration of Cardigan Castle has quit due to online "persecution".
A £7m Birmingham free school opened by Prime Minister David Cameron is to go into special measures following a highly critical Ofsted report.
Gale force winds of up to 70mph and heavy rain will arrive in Wales on Monday evening, said the Met Office.
The former home of Stoke City FC is to be redeveloped into 200 homes, a park and fields, the council says.
Claudia Winkleman has quit the BBC's movie review show, Film 2016, after six years of fronting the programme.
For years Match of the Day has satisfied impatient football fans by condensing a 90 minute match into a handy chunk of highlights.
India lost nine wickets for 46 runs as Australia staged a remarkable fightback to win the fourth one-day international in Canberra.
Frenchman Pierre Rolland ended a two-year wait for victory by winning the 17th stage of the Giro d'Italia.
The former Israeli PM and president, Shimon Peres, has died aged 93.
All 25 members of a lifeboat crew have resigned in protest at the sacking of their coxswain.
Coach Diego Simeone has signed a contract extension with Atletico Madrid that will keep him at the Spanish champions until 2020.
The Austrian government has said it will sharply reduce the number of asylum applications it accepts this year compared with 2015.
Uefa chief Michel Platini is appealing after Fifa banned him for 90 days while corruption claims are investigated.
A county court judge has ruled that airline Jet2.com cannot delay the payment of compensation due to passengers for delayed flights.
Network Rail believes it will take 28 years to get the Welsh rail system up to standard, Economy Secretary Ken Skates has been told.
A convicted killer is among 10 of Britain's most wanted fugitives believed to be on the run in Spain.
Plans to redevelop London Euston as part of the high-speed railway line HS2 should be scrapped, an MP has said.
A student housing developer is planning to build around 150 apartments on the Dublin Road in south Belfast.
The scale of loss of conservation land caused by the proposed M4 relief road would be "unacceptable", a public inquiry has heard.
League One leaders Scunthorpe United will travel to Oxford United in the last 16 of the EFL Trophy.
David De Gea's £29m move from Manchester United to Real Madrid has collapsed because the necessary paperwork was not submitted in time.
A collection of vintage prams and memorabilia stretching back almost 150 years has been auctioned.
The inventor of the classic toy Etch A Sketch has died at the age of 86.
Arsenal, Chelsea and Manchester City are in Monday's draw for the Champions League last 16.
A football team has played its first home game in more than 10 years after moving into a new stadium.
A businessman who bought three stun guns and 50 extendable batons on an internet auction site has been remanded in custody.
Mobile phone provider EE has demonstrated helium balloons and drones that could provide 4G mobile coverage following damage to existing infrastructure.
A 52 million-year-old fruit fossil has been discovered in South America.
A man who murdered his five-week-old granddaughter has been jailed for life and will serve a minimum of 25 years.
Roma captain Francesco Totti has signed a new two-year contract which ties him to the Italian side until just before his 40th birthday.
A survey of Chamber of Commerce members in Northern Ireland suggests that 81% will vote for the UK to remain in the European Union (EU).
Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara made 18 in his final international innings before retirement.
A 91-year-old cyclist killed on a dual carriageway was doing a time trial to set a new national record for his age.
Plans have been announced for the "oldest carnival in Europe" to celebrate its 50th anniversary.
Two 300-year-old cups with saucers have been stolen from a country house.
Police in Scotland are understood to be investigating claims Labour peer Lord Janner abused a boy there in the 1970s.
Samsung Electronics says its operating profit is likely to rise 15% in the fourth quarter from a year ago, missing market expectations.
A 95-year-old invited into a BBC radio programme after calling in about being lonely has become a hit on social media.
A vein of Blue John stone has been found in Derbyshire, 150 years after the last discovery.
A man who beat a 17-month-old toddler to death with a garden chair has been found guilty of his murder.
Northstone, one of Northern Ireland largest construction groups, reported reduced turnover and profits in 2013.
Walking for 40 minutes a few times a week is enough to preserve memory and keep ageing brains on top form, research shows.
Three men who tried to smuggle 20 people into the UK in a lorry have been jailed.
Tesla will not be ordered to recall its semi-autonomous cars in the US, following a fatal crash in May 2016.
Alphabet - Google's parent company - has reported a 17% rise in quarterly revenue after strong advertising sales on mobile devices.
Coventry overcame 10-man Millwall at the Ricoh Arena to secure their first victory in six League One matches.
Liverpool have named England Under-19s boss Sean O'Driscoll as their new assistant manager.
The sister of a murdered schoolgirl has spoken publicly for the first time since the discovery of the teenager's body 20 years ago.
A community hospital in Somerset is to be replaced and rebuilt with a £16m grant from the government.
Ireland started the three-match T20 series against Afghanistan with a six-wicket defeat in India on Wednesday.
David Dunn has returned to Blackburn Rovers to take up a position as Under-21 assistant coach.
At least 25 people have been killed and dozens wounded in bomb attacks across Iraq, media reports say.
Actress Tippi Hedren has claimed Alfred Hitchcock sexually harassed her while they worked together in the 1960s.
A huge pillow fight involving cadets at a prestigious US military academy to mark the end of summer training left at least 30 soldiers injured.
The funeral of a "club legend" who worked for Barnsley FC for more than 65 years has been held.
AC Milan have signed striker Mario Balotelli from Premier League champions Manchester City for £19m.
Using Windows 8 devices could involve signing on by tapping, circling or touching images.
Scottish football enjoyed an increase in attendances at league matches of over 12% last season.
Italy will replace Chelsea-bound national coach Antonio Conte with Giampiero Ventura after Euro 2016.
The mother of murdered toddler James Bulger says she still "wants justice" 20 years after her son's death.
A car driver has been stopped by police on the motorway after driving at speeds of up to 132mph.
Three pensioners - all over 70 - have been awarded for their bravery after they tackled and pinned down a burglar.
Surrey captain Gareth Batty has signed a new contract which will keep him at the club until the end of 2017.
British actor Richard Johnson, whose career spanned film, theatre and TV, has died aged 87, his family has said.
Harlow is celebrating the 70th anniversary of being designated a new town.
A teenager who stabbed a 16-year-old to death in an Aberdeen school has been jailed for nine years.
US tennis star Venus Williams has been involved in a car accident that led to the death of a 78-year-old man.
England head coach Mark Sampson has named an expanded 28-player squad for his side's two upcoming matches against Norway and Sweden in Spain.
Kevin Pietersen smashed a second successive unbeaten hundred in South Africa's Ram Slam T20 event.
The Rugby World Cup has generated about £43m for Newcastle's economy, tourism bosses say.
A zoo in Ceredigion is looking for homes for 24 abandoned Australian bearded dragons.
Eleven arts projects will get funding to take Welsh culture to India as part of the UK-India 2017 cultural season.
The developers of a planned 18-hole championship golf course have sought to allay concerns about their proposal's impact on a protected coastal area.
Lancashire all-rounder Tom Smith has announced his retirement at the age of 31 after a series of injury problems.
UK inflation edged up to a 12 month high in January, as a fall in petrol prices eased.
Construction of planned improvements to a challenging hairpin bend on the A9 at Berriedale Braes could begin next year, the Scottish government has said.
The Isle of Barra's world famous beach airport is 80 years old.
Financial contributions to the Garden Bridge by London's public transport network have been limited to £10m.
Somerset opener Marcus Trescothick hit a superb 218 before Nottinghamshire fought back at Trent Bridge.
Plans for a £100m cable car system in Cardiff are being explored by Cardiff Business Council.
The hunt for a cure for type 1 diabetes has recently taken a "tremendous step forward", scientists have said.
Pope Francis has approved the beatification of a Jesuit priest from Dublin for his work with the sick and dying in the early 20th century.
Police have targeted 17 people in raids in several European countries connected to a suspected jihadist network.
A charity that rescues a protected species has said it has taken 600 calls in what has been one of its busiest ever years.
Budget cuts at Southampton City Council could result in nearly 200 job losses.
The 20th anniversary of the ordination of Wales' first women priests will be celebrated with simultaneous services at every cathedral in the country.
Indian police say that a 30-year-old American woman has been gang-raped in the northern state of Himachal Pradesh.
One of the leading figures of the French resistance against the Nazis, Raymond Aubrac, has died aged 97, his family says.
More than 40 men have been arrested in Nigeria over the weekend for performing homosexual acts, police say.
A college bought Manchester United season tickets in a "growth strategy" before cutting more than 100 jobs.
James Anderson became England's leading wicket-taker in one-day internationals with his 235th victim as they
Germany's economy stepped up its pace of growth in 2016, thanks to higher household and government spending.
The pilot of a Turkish F-16 fighter jet has been found dead after the aircraft crashed near Turkey's border with Syria, reports say.
Lancashire Police will "not be viable" after 2020 because of cuts to funding, the chief constable has warned.
A council has been accused of a "major administrative cock-up" after failing to make an insurance claim for up to £1m.
Livingston moved 10 points clear at the top of Scottish League One after beating Airdrieonians.
Presenter, writer and Monty Python star Michael Palin will be awarded a Bafta fellowship at its TV awards on 12 May.
Oscar-winning Polish film director Andrzej Wajda has died aged 90, the Polish Filmmakers' Association has confirmed.
If watching University Challenge makes your head hurt, you might want to take an aspirin before listening to a new show Radio 4 are planning.
Barclays has reported a fall in third-quarter profits and set aside £560m for more customer refunds and litigation.
A pre-Roman town of 150 roundhouses has been found by university students during an archaeological dig in Dorset.
The US has charged seven Iranians for allegedly hacking nearly 50 financial companies and a New York dam.
At least 17 people have been killed in a suspected US drone strike on a compound in north-west Pakistan, Pakistani officials say.
A US national has been sentenced in Iran to 10 years in prison on spying charges, Iranian officials have said.
A creative industries development in Carmarthen which includes the new headquarters of S4C should not receive public money, ministers have been told.
Great Britain's Tom Daley claimed silver in the men's 10m platform at the Diving World Series in Kazan, Russia.
Northern Ireland striker Conor Washington counts himself a lucky man as he prepares to head to Euro 2016.
A top jockey has been banned from driving for 22 months after claiming he was sleep walking while drink driving.
The home of the Formula 1 British Grand Prix is no longer for sale, its owner has announced.
Proposed collaboration between North and South Korea at the 2018 Winter Olympics has been welcomed by the International Olympic Committee.
A man has been arrested for a second time in connection with the killing of a schoolgirl more than 50 years ago.
A 1980s-themed concert at Queen of the South's Palmerston Park has been cancelled due to poor ticket sales.
Glamorgan have made signing another fast bowler their priority for 2017, says chief executive Hugh Morris.
Bolivians voted in a referendum on 21 February to decide whether to allow President Evo Morales to seek another term in office.
Hampshire spun their way to an eight-wicket victory over T20 Blast South Group leaders Glamorgan at Southampton.
A planning inquiry is under way to create a "smart motorway" along the M4 in Berkshire.
Controversial plans for 10 marine conservation zones have been withdrawn by a Welsh government minister.
A retired police officer has reported Derbyshire police to the Home Office over claims they withheld evidence in a 1973 murder case.
A man has been charged following the death of 15-year-old girl suspected of taking drugs.
The Portuguese Cabinet has approved rules under which descendants of Jews expelled from Portugal more than 500 years ago can claim citizenship.
Canada's largest airline, Air Canada, has apologised after giving a 10-year-old boy's seat to someone else.
Most 15-year-olds in Northern Ireland are happy with their lives.
England spinner Danielle Hazell has been ruled out of the rest of the Women's World Twenty20 with a calf muscle strain.
Welsh snowboarder Maisie Potter says the 2018 Winter Olympics are on her mind a year away from the games' start.
The Norwegian convicted of the massacre of 77 people last year has said he is being held in "inhumane" conditions.
When it comes to Formula 1, you lot know your onions.
More than 100 people are now known to have died in flooding in the eastern Indonesian province of West Papua.
A 101-year-old man accused of child sex offences was described as a "monster" by an alleged victim.
Junior doctors in England are to be balloted on industrial action over government plans to introduce a new contract from August 2016.
The Queen has tweeted her thanks to people who sent her 90th birthday messages on social media.
Investment firm Alliance Trust is to cut costs by £6m while restructuring its board to become fully independent.
Nearly 20 million people in China could be exposed to water contaminated with arsenic, a study suggests.
More than 100 people held a protest outside Liverpool Town Hall over cuts.
Boeing has shown off its "space bins" that can hold 50% more luggage than existing designs.
The number of Syrian refugees resettled in Wales has reached at least 397, according to figures from the Home Office.
Former deputy prime minister Nick Clegg was on Radio 4's Today programme on Thursday talking about prison reform.
A troubled rail firm paid over £2m in compensation last year for disruption to passengers, figures have shown.
Former Nottingham Forest player John McGovern has cautioned against placing too much expectation on Oliver Burke following his £13m move to Germany.
Justice Clarence Thomas, one of eight judges at the highest court in the US, has broken a 10-year silence at court.
A Holyrood by-election is to be held on the same day as the UK's snap general election on 8 June.
Senior figures from across Northern Ireland's political spectrum have been reacting to the results of the March 2017 Northern Ireland Assembly elections.
When introducing Microsoft’s newest Xbox console in 2016, Phil Spencer didn’t mince his words.
Wales' largest independent brewer is planning to open about 30 coffee shops over three years as it diversifies from its traditional pub business.
Manchester City have signed defender Nicolas Otamendi from Valencia on a five-year deal worth £32m.
A man who murdered a pensioner at his home in Glasgow has been ordered to spend a minimum of 13 years in jail.
Manchester United's players may be struggling under the pressure of playing for the 20-time English champions, says manager Jose Mourinho.
A 15-year-old girl has been critically injured in a suspected hit-and-run in the Black Country.
The owners of an audio manufacturing factory in North Lanarkshire have confirmed that the plant is facing closure, with the loss of 70 jobs.
Three former Catholic schoolgirls have received compensation for having to walk through loyalist protests on their way to primary school 15 years ago.
For the first time in 70 years, Adolf Hitler's Nazi manifesto Mein Kampf is to be available to buy in Germany.
Bad weather caused a military plane to crash in Myanmar last month with 122 people on board, state media say.
The 80-year-old US current affairs magazine Newsweek has revealed the image that will grace the cover of its last-ever print edition.
A stretch of the M6 was closed after a pedestrian was hit by a lorry.
Overseas students boost the Scottish economy by about £312m each year, according to figures from auditors PwC.
A man has been stabbed in a bar at the 02 Academy in Glasgow.
Uefa has charged the Football Associations of England and Serbia in the wake of Tuesday's Under-21 match.
Projects worth £58m to regenerate areas across south Wales have been approved.
The growth in global demand for energy slowed to levels not seen since the late 1990s, a new report suggests.
Australia all-rounder Dan Christian will return to Nottinghamshire for next summer's T20 Blast.
New forensic leads are being investigated in connection with the death of a schoolgirl 21 years ago.
Japan's Nikkei index closed lower, with shares in Toshiba sinking nearly 10% as the firm predicted record losses.
The remains of dozens of people who were buried more than 200 years ago are being slowly exposed on an island in Kent.
A man who admitted shining a laser pen at a police helicopter flying over Glasgow has been jailed for 14 months.
Northern Ireland has been chosen to host the Commonwealth Youth Games in the summer of 2021.
A town centre footfall study across eight main Borders towns has recorded its highest figures since 2012.
A sub-tropical storm over the Atlantic has become a hurricane, the first in January in the region since 1938.
A top English player deserves to make £1m a year, says players' union boss Damian Hopley.
Eccentric comedian Ken Dodd was one of the biggest recording artists of the 1960s, new research has revealed.
A man who died during a shooting at a pool party in Surrey has been named as 34-year-old Ricardo Hunter.
A Â£15m Welsh discount travel pass for young people that was axed has been reinstated.
Paul Lawrie hopes foot surgery this winter will help breathe new life into his golfing career at the age of 47.
A field of remembrance honouring members of the armed forces from the past 100 years is open at Cardiff Castle.
American two-time PGA Tour winner Jason Bohn has suffered a heart attack at the age of 42 during the Honda Classic in Florida.
The price of oil fell to its lowest level since 2009 as global production continues to remain high.
CCTV images of a man who dialled 999 to ask police to stop following him during a police pursuit have been released.
A shootout in northern Mexico has killed at least 14 people, officials say, amid a surge in drug-related violence in the country.
The Lion King and Thelma & Louise are among 25 films that will be preserved by the US Library of Congress.
At least 100 bodies have been recovered from a church that collapsed in the south-eastern Nigerian city of Uyo.
Ireland were on the receiving end of two controversial lbw decisions as they lost their second one-day international against Afghanistan by 34 runs.
Wales forward Sam Vokes hopes they can turn their World Cup qualifying fortunes around when they visit the Republic of Ireland on 24 March.
The body of a 30-year-old man has been found at a flat in Falkirk.
A Romanian hacker who targeted high-profile US politicians has been sentenced to 52 months in prison.
BBC Radio 1 DJ Greg James is to receive an honorary doctorate from the University of East Anglia (UEA).
Casino gambling revenue in Macau soared in 2010 to reach a record high, according to official figures.
Tata Steel has been ordered to pay £1m after it exposed five people to toxic substances at Scunthorpe Steel Works.
An "explosive creativity" of craft spirits has seen 50 new distilleries open across the UK last year, according to a study.
Passenger numbers at Luton Airport could nearly treble, to 30 million a year, under new proposals.
A man has been jailed for grooming a 12-year-old girl on Facebook who he went on to abuse.
Ex-Manchester United and Netherlands boss Louis van Gaal says he has retired from coaching after a 26-year career.
Wales has faced pre-Christmas disruptions after winds of up to 75mph from Storm Barbara swept in on Friday.
Cinemas in the US are scheduling extra screenings of 12 Years a Slave after it won the best picture Oscar.
Nearly 60% of all syphilis cases reported in England were in London, it has been revealed.
A deal has been struck on using satellites to track planes, motivated by the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 last year.
Sale Sharks will sign former Wales scrum-half Mike Phillips from Racing 92 on a deal starting from next season.
Controversial plans for a £12m renewable energy project at a Conwy county waterfall beauty spot have been withdrawn.
Ten members of a gang who conspired to supply £5m worth of heroin have been jailed.
A pioneering £250m science and engineering hub has been officially opened in Newcastle.
At least 16 people have been injured after two Amtrak trains collided in California, US media reports say.
The RSPCA has had a 100% success rate for its prosecutions after facing a "growing animal cruelty crisis".
A key government target for treating people diagnosed with suspected cancer has been breached for the first time since it was introduced in 2009.
Proceeds from the 2017 FA Community Shield will be donated to support those affected by the Grenfell Tower fire.
The Co-operative Group has said increased investment means profits this year will be lower than in 2014.
Indian artist Nek Chand who created a famous garden of sculptures in the northern city of Chandigarh has died, aged 90.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is due to meet Vladimir Putin in Russia for the first time since 2015.
The 350th anniversary of the Great Fire of London is being commemorated with a set of six new stamps.
Prince Harry has visited the heartland of Guyana and explored its rainforest on day 14 of his Caribbean tour.
The honorary president of Swansea City FC has died aged 90.
Forward Jose Baxter, who was suspended twice in nine months, is among 10 players released by Sheffield United.
Five former intelligence and military officials in Argentina have gone on trial on charges of murdering 65 people.
As many as 12 young women have tried to leave Melbourne to join the Islamic State (IS) militant group, according to Australian police.
About 400 retired firefighters in Wales are to receive thousands of pounds in compensation because their pensions were miscalculated.
The US has appointed its first ambassador to Cuba in 55 years as relations between the countries thaw.
A man has admitted killing his wife of 25 years while she slept.
An average of more than 21 cannabis factories were found daily in Britain last year, police chiefs say.
Hearts are looking to double a £6m fund to cover the estimated cost of building a new main stand at Tynecastle.
Celtic boss Ronny Deila reckons reaching the last 32 of the Europa League would mark his finest moment as a manager.
Paul Sheerin has left his post as Arbroath manager to become Under-20s coach at Aberdeen.
Troy Polamalu, one of the best safeties in history, is retiring from the NFL after 12 seasons.
A replacement for one of Derby's council-run swimming pools could cost more than the £20m the local authority estimated.
United Nations investigators are considering revealing the names of an estimated 200 individuals suspected of committing war crimes in Syria.
Thousands of people in the Republic of Ireland have participated in 30 demonstrations about water charges.
German researchers have compiled a 400-species database to encourage people to plant the "right tree in the right place" in urban areas.
Russia coach Leonid Slutsky offered his resignation after his side were knocked out of Euro 2016 at the group stage.
Police divers are to retrieve objects from a canal for assessment by forensic experts in the search for a schoolgirl who disappeared 60 years ago.
Almost half (45%) of young people are checking their mobile phones after they have gone to bed, a poll suggests.
A man who struck a colleague in the head with a meat cleaver after a row over a chicken has been jailed for 11 years.
More than 600 staff are on a waiting list for parking, according to the trust running a West Midlands hospital.
Assistant coach Kenny Murray says there is a growing belief at Glasgow Warriors that they can retain the Pro12 title.
West Brom striker Saido Berahino has been banned from driving for 12 months after pleading guilty to drink-driving.
Ecuador's presidential election is set for a second round on 2 April, the electoral commission has announced.
A security intelligence company has found the stolen log-in credentials for up to 47 US government agencies accessible online.
London Olympian Zoe Smith will lead a 14-strong British team at April's European Championships in Norway.
The United States Soccer Federation has outlined plans to stop children aged 10 and under heading footballs.
Production technology services company Proserv has won two North Sea contracts worth more than £15m.
The prosecution has rested its case in the trial of a man accused of carrying out the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings.
The US military has condemned an order  by the Afghan government to release 37 prisoners deemed by the Americans to pose a threat to security.
Olympic legends Sir Steve Redgrave and Sir Chris Hoy will be part of the BBC team offering comprehensive coverage of Rio 2016.
An engineering firm is to build a new technology centre in Brechin, creating 100 new jobs.
A lorry carrying 28 tonnes of grain has crashed into a house next to a level crossing.
Boyhood, a film 12 years in the making, has won top honours at the New York Film Critics awards.
Governors at a Gwynedd school want a consultation restarted over church ownership of its new £10m campus.
Wales and British & Irish Lions centre Jamie Roberts will play for Cambridge University in the Varsity match against Oxford on 10 December.
Land Rover will release an all-new version of its Defender model in 2015, it has confirmed.
A 104-year-old swimming pool has closed after a council said it could no longer afford to repair the building.
Darren Stevens' unbeaten 107 gave Kent the upper hand on day two of their game against Division Two champions Essex.
A police force has begun the rollout of body cameras for 800 officers and community support officers.
Presidential candidates for the 2016 race and other politicians are speaking out against Donald Trump after a string of violence at his rallies.
An academy in Bradford has sent home 152 pupils for arriving at the school gates without meeting its dress code.
North Korea has released details of the alleged crimes of a US man it sentenced to 15 years of hard labour.
Average speed cameras are due to be activated on one of Scotland's busiest motorways while work continues on a £500m upgrade project.
A student from Reading has been jailed for nine years in the United Arab Emirates for possessing cocaine worth less than £5.
The US PGA Tour has been warned over its stance on doping before golf's return to the Olympics in 2016.
An inquest has watched dramatic video of police raiding Sydney's Lindt Cafe to end a 17-hour siege.
A man who admitted posting offensive comments on Facebook about an Edinburgh boy beaten to death by his mother has been jailed for 12 months.
Proposals to increase the size of a Â£50m shopping and leisure development have been approved.
Greenhouse gas emissions in Scotland have risen but the statutory target for 2015 has been met, according to the latest figures.
Manchester City have had an £18m bid for defender Jonny Evans rejected by Premier League rivals West Brom.
Wales' youth workers will be regulated by the Education Workforce Council for the first time from 1 April.
One of the UK's biggest insurers Royal Sun Alliance is to close its Birmingham office, putting 190 jobs at risk.
Gemma Arterton is set to star in a West End musical version of the 2010 film Made in Dagenham.
Two farmers convicted of possessing more than 100 sheep which did not belong to them have been jailed.
The Orange Order's grand secretary has said the institution has put a massive effort into calming the situation in Northern Ireland ahead of 12 July.
Fifa is investigating Real Madrid's youth transfer policy and has asked the club for information on 51 players.
Kris Commons insists he is not looking beyond his emergency loan move to Hibernian after making his first appearance in 10 months.
The BBC has agreed a deal to broadcast the Six Nations until 2017.
The Football Associations of England and Scotland say they will ignore a ban on players wearing poppies in their upcoming match on 11 November.
Funding for two Techniquest science museums in Wales will end from April 2021, the Welsh Government has said.
David Tennant and Billie Piper will appear in the 50th anniversary special of Doctor Who, the BBC has confirmed.
Former New Zealand skipper Brendan McCullum has been named Middlesex captain for this season's T20 Blast.
(Closed): Wall Street finished its final day of 2015 down, marking its worst annual performance in seven years.
Tesco has agreed to sell 150 of its Fresh & Easy stores to the investment company Yucaipa Companies.
A wildlife charity is calling for fishing to be banned at an East Sussex venue after abandoned angling equipment caused injuries to 25 swans.
A 17th Century pub in Oxfordshire has been bought by the local community, which has raised tens of thousands of pounds to secure its future.
Isle of Man rider Anna Christian will represent Great Britain at the 2017 UEC European Road Championships in Denmark.
Police have arrested more than 50 people as part of an investigation into suspected match-fixing in Italian football.
A prison has seen a fourfold increase in the use of force by officers against inmates since 2013, a report has found.
Jon Parkin netted a late winner as National League promotion-chasers Forest Green beat 10-man Eastleigh.
A man who suggested naming a new £200m ship Boaty McBoatface has apologised.
A cafe criticised for making trainees work unpaid for 40 hours, without a guaranteed job, has given in to public pressure.
A 30-year-old man has been released on bail after being arrested by police investigating phone hacking at the News of the World.
A 200-year-old windmill in Hampshire has reopened following a two-year restoration project.
England's game against Australia will kick off the Rugby League World Cup at the Millennium Stadium on 26 October.
A Florida mosque has been removed as a polling station for the 2016 election after local officials received complaints and threats of violence.
At least 22 people have been killed by three suicide bombings in checkpoints in the southern Yemeni city of Aden, officials say.
The president of Iran has congratulated voters on electing a record number of women to parliament since before the 1979 Islamic revolution.
An 11-year-old Canadian boy saved his whole family from a devastating fire, his mother says.
A 14-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teacher was stabbed at a Bradford school.
More than 50 people have been killed in a landslide in Antioquia province in north-west Colombia, officials say.
Veteran journalist and news anchor Gwen Ifill has died aged 61, the Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) has said.
UKIP could win more than seven seats in the 2016 assembly election, the party's campaign manager for the poll has said.
Eels have been found in a stretch of river where they have not been seen for nearly 40 years.
An emergency call handler has been sacked after firefighters took more than 90 minutes to reach a fatal blaze.
Former world champion Jenson Button says he will retire from Formula 1 after Sunday's Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
Former Conservative Home Secretary Lord Waddington has died at the age of 87.
Action camera-maker GoPro is cutting 200 jobs and shutting down some of its services.
Shia Houthi rebels in Yemen have freed a senior presidential aide who they abducted 10 days ago.
Local elections are being held in North Korea - the first since ruler Kim Jong-un came to power in 2011.
Road racer Guy Martin says he will not compete for Honda for the rest of 2017 after a frustrating season.
The introduction of a 5p charge for plastic bags in England has been blamed for a packaging firm going into administration.
Consumer confidence has seen its sharpest drop in 21 years after the UK vote to leave the EU, a survey suggests.
The owner of a car that knocked down and killed a five-year-old boy more than 10 years ago has been jailed.
British two-time Paralympic champion Danielle Brown has ruled out attempting to qualify for the 2016 Rio Olympics.
Cardiff Blues moved to the top of Pool 4 in the European Challenge Cup with a comfortable home win over Pau.
Edinburgh is closer to becoming the country's first 20mph city after councillors approved plans to begin rolling out the speed limit.
GSK has just announced Emma Walmsley will be its next chief executive taking the total of women running FTSE 100 companies to seven.
A dilapidated Grade-II listed theatre, which has stood empty for over 20 years, is to be sold at auction.
A murder investigation is under way after a 71-year-old woman died in a fire at a house in Kilmarnock.
Murrayfield Stadium has been chosen to host the 2017 European Champions Cup final in May of that year.
Tottenham Hotspur have completed the £26m club-record signing of striker Roberto Soldado from Valencia.
A mother of six with an IQ of 70 should be sterilised for her own safety, the Court of Protection has ruled.
The National Trust has announced the design teams shortlisted to rebuild an 18th Century mansion destroyed by fire.
An exhibition of photographs has gone on show to mark 50 years since the demise of "one of the most beautiful stations there has ever been".
A Swansea man has been left scratching his head after receiving a postcard from Spain 29 years after it was sent.
A plan to expand 20mph zones across Manchester is to be reviewed after their impact on reducing the number of accidents was called into question.
A pensioner who escaped from a court more than 40 years ago has been jailed for two and a half years.
More than 70 jobs are facing the axe at Telford College of Arts and Technology.
US prosecutors have dropped all charges against a man who spent 25 years in prison for murder, amid allegations police had falsified evidence.
More than 200 businesses in part of Edinburgh have been found to be breaking rules on using communal bins.
Terminally ill actor and disability campaigner Brian Rix, 92, has said the law on assisted dying needs changing.
A former soldier who spent 23 years sleeping rough in London has been recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours list for helping the homeless.
India completed a series win over Sri Lanka with a crushing victory by an innings and 53 runs in the second Test in Colombo.
The Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) is leading a £250m investment to improve grassroots facilities.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game at the 2014 Fifa World Cup.
Revenue for UK record companies hit a five-year high in 2016, according to industry association the BPI.
Two men have died following a road crash on the A713 in Dumfries and Galloway.
Warwickshire bowler Boyd Rankin will play for Ireland in the World Twenty20 after switching back from England.
From 2017, the English summer cricket schedule is to change again.
Leeds Rhinos rugby league team face a £1m bill for flood damage that could keep them out of their training ground for a further six months.
At least 20 people have been killed in a huge fire that broke out at a packaging factory in Bangladesh.
Michael Simpson has won the John Moores Painting Prize, 25 years after he first came close to taking the title.
Napping for more than an hour during the day could be a warning sign for type-2 diabetes, Japanese researchers suggest.
A man has described how he felt compelled to drive 200 miles in the middle of the night to help people affected by the Manchester attack.
Police seized 16 petrol bombs in west Belfast after one was thrown at officers in the area earlier this week.
Three more Scots have been added to the Great Britain Olympic athletics team, taking the total up to 15.
Police in the western Indian state of Maharashtra have found 19 aborted female foetuses near a hospital.
A man who made a bomb threat which led to more than 20 patients being evacuated from a hospital has been jailed.
The world's food security is increasingly reliant on 14 "chokepoints" for trade, a think-tank report has warned.
A portrait of a well-known Cheltenham grocer which was painted onto his shop door in the 1960s could be restored.
Olympic gold medallist Dani King could cycle for Wales at the 2018 Commonwealth Games, having previously represented England.
Autism services in Northern Ireland are to get an extra £2m a year.
Iraq has buried the victims of a suicide attack in a football match in the city of Iskandariya that killed at least 32 people.
Saudi Arabia has launched a massive tourism development project that will turn 50 islands and other sites on the Red Sea into luxury resorts.
A fire that badly damaged a 16th Century hall in Manchester is "suspicious", police have said.
India's Supreme Court has rejected travel appeals of the two Italian marines accused of killing two Indian fishermen in 2012.
Thousands are posting online tributes to Muhammad Ali who has died at the age of 74.
The Ministry of Defence is to close the British Army's Welsh headquarters at Brecon, Powys, in 2027.
About 70 human skeletons have been uncovered by archaeologists during a dig at a former factory in Peterborough.
Featherstone beat Halifax to reach the Challenge Cup quarter-finals for the first time in 20 years.
An inquest into an IRA massacre of 10 Protestant workers has been delayed because there is no coroner to hear it.
A team of engineers will use 3D printing technology to reconstruct the missing motor of a rare wartime German code machine.
Englishman Matthew Fitzpatrick shot a 68 to share the British Masters lead with Kiradech Aphibarnrat at Woburn.
Imagine being so good at something that at the age of 11 you're beating players who are the best in the country.
England manager Roy Hodgson has played down West Ham striker Andy Carroll's chance of being selected for Euro 2016.
After 16 years, Bob The Builder is having a makeover with a new look and voice.
China has complained to Zambia after 31 of its nationals were arrested at the weekend for alleged illegal mining practices.
Archaeologists working at a 900-year-old castle have found "rare and unexpected" artefacts.
The latest stage of the £1bn transformation of Dundee's waterfront is getting under way.
An Israeli Arab wanted for shooting dead three people in Tel Aviv on 1 January has been killed by security forces in northern Israel.
Shares in Paddy Power Betfair fell more than 5% despite the bookmaker reporting rising revenues and underlying profits.
A minister has been heckled by MPs for suggesting women over 60 facing poverty could start an apprenticeship.
More than £10m has been secured to restore an iconic university college in Ceredigion.
BBC Radio 5 live presenter Darren Fletcher is one of six appointments to Notts County's new board of directors.
An MP has urged the UK government not to "pull the plug" on plans for a £1bn tidal power project in Swansea.
A motoring festival which has been running for 30 years is to be cancelled, organisers have said.
The first full-length trailer for the 24th James Bond film, Spectre, has been released online.
More than 350 jobs in County Durham will be axed when Walkers crisp factory closes, the owner has confirmed.
Ministers are providing £4m funding for a planned new surfing centre and "wave park" in Snowdonia.
Tom DeLonge has denied that he is leaving Blink 182.
A G4S security van has been robbed outside a branch of Royal Bank of Scotland in Glasgow city centre.
An airport will rip up former Wales striker Dean Saunders's huge parking fee if his home nation wins Euro 2016.
Wales second-row Luke Charteris is set to join Bath from Racing 92 on a three-year contract.
Falkirk Council's pension fund has invested £30m in a scheme to build social housing in Scotland.
A Bangladeshi man who went missing for 23 years has been reunited with his family, who had given him up for dead.
Almost 100 puppies have been seized as part of an operation into the illegal puppy trade from Ireland to the UK.
Global warming could drive drought sensitive butterfly species to extinction in the UK by 2050, according to new research.
The safety of patients using the 111 service in Oxfordshire could be "compromised", according to the county's leading health body.
A loan shark has taken a judge's offer to avoid an 18-month prison sentence by repaying his victims.
Italy have appointed former Juventus boss Antonio Conte as their new coach until 2016.
Shares in fizzy drinks giant Coca-Cola have fallen more than 4% after the firm reported a fall in profits.
George Clooney has surprised an 87-year-old fan with a bouquet of flowers for her birthday.
The government has "undermined and weakened" the NHS in England, a letter signed by 140 doctors says.
Archaeologists have found fragments of Stirling Castle's 16th Century outer defences.
Wrexham have appointed former midfielder Dean Keates as their new manager on an 18-month contract.
An extra 500 medical school places in England have been confirmed for next year by the government.
Opium production in Afghanistan has increased by 43% in the past year, United Nations officials have said.
Reports suggest as many as 140 people, including civilians, may have died in an attack on an airbase in Libya.
One girl under the age of 15 is married every seven seconds, according to a new report by Save the Children.
A section of the M1 was closed due to an "aircraft emergency" on a flight from Gran Canaria.
The US National Society of Film Critics has named Spotlight the best film of 2015.
I have been collecting matchboxes seriously since 2012.
British WBA world bantamweight champion Jamie McDonnell will defend his title against Juan Alberto Rosas on 9 April.
New Zealand's only resident pelican has been put down after living at Wellington Zoo for nearly 40 years.
The legendary Canadian ice hockey player, Gordie Howe, has died at the age of 88, US media say.
The legal services firm Axiom UK is to double its Belfast workforce in a £9m investment.
A charity volunteer who has clocked up 76 years of service is one of the UK's longest-serving poppy sellers.
Yorkshire have said they would be interested in hosting a day-night game in the County Championship in 2017.
The government has turned down plans to build more than 500 homes near an East Yorkshire village.
Championship strugglers Charlton Athletic have reappointed Jose Riga as head coach on an 18-month deal.
The world's largest economy expanded less than expected in the final three months of 2014 despite lower fuel prices boosting consumer confidence.
General Motors (GM) has announced that it will stop making cars for the Indian market by the end of 2017.
Volunteers in New Zealand are racing to rescue survivors after more than 400 pilot whales beached themselves.
Liam Livingstone has been given his first senior international call-up as England rest five players for the Twenty20 series against South Africa.
About 30 patients in Somerset who had cataract surgery inside a mobile hospital theatre have been left with blurred vision or other complications.
Three people were injured when a broken-down bus was hit by a lorry on the A34 in Oxfordshire.
A consultation into improvements on the A27 has been dubbed "a sham" by council leaders.
MLAs have voted against DUP calls for a significant reduction in the £90 mandatory parking fine during a debate in the Northern Ireland Assembly.
Joe Esposito, a close friend and aide of Elvis Presley, has died at the age of 78.
Hampshire captain James Vince says the ICC World Twenty20 can help put him on the path to playing Test cricket.
ScotRail has announced plans to recruit up to 100 new train drivers.
Aberdonians who were involved in health research nearly 50 years ago have been asked to sign up to another study.
Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli is retiring from tennis just 40 days after winning her only Grand Slam title.
Formula 1 bosses have failed to agree on a new format for qualifying after a meeting at the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Southampton have signed Norwich City winger Nathan Redmond for undisclosed fee believed to be worth £10m.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says 22-year-old striker Harry Kane is not for sale at any price.
An outbreak of 189 cases of measles has been reported in Swansea, Neath and Port Talbot, Public Health Wales says.
A decision on the future of demolition-threatened Perth City Hall will not be made until February 2016.
Police have launched a murder inquiry after a 51-year-old man was killed in his home in Glasgow.
An airport that "refused to close" is being remembered this weekend, 20 years after flying eventually stopped.
World War One (WW1) soldiers spent less than half their time on the front line, according to researchers.
Three Welsh Conservative AMs have been "spoken to" by their leader for arguing about the party's M4 policy on Twitter.
Charlton Athletic have begun an investigation into claims a youth player was sexually abused while at the club in the 1980s.
A 17-year-old boy has died of head injuries following a fight after a party in south-east London.
British gymnast Cameron MacKenzie has chosen to represent South Africa in a bid to qualify for Rio 2016.