Medieval graffiti has been found in 100 churches in Norfolk, according to a survey.
A five-year-old boy is in a critical condition after being set on fire by another boy in Texas.
A man has admitted being involved in a £100m cocaine haul.
Rihanna has cancelled her concert in France after an attack in Nice left at least 84 people dead.
Liverpool FC legend Kenny Dalglish has been awarded the city's highest honour, along with the families of the 96 who died in the Hillsborough disaster
British athletes including Dina Asher-Smith and Adam Gemili will compete at the World Indoor Championships in Portland on 17 March.
Leigh Centurions have signed Australian half-back Daniel Mortimer on a three-year contract.
A court in Mogadishu has sentenced 100 foreigners to deportation for overstaying their visas.
Monsoon rains have killed at least 146 people in South Asia in the past week, with many more missing.
Tiger Woods has dropped out of the world's top 100 for the first time in 20 years.
Guernsey's volleyball team will miss out on the 2021 Island Games after the sport was dropped from the schedule.
Luis Suarez will return to Anfield to play in a charity match at the ground on 28 June.
At least 29 people have been killed in a train derailment in Burma (Myanmar), officials say.
Facebook has been given 10 days to stop tracking the internet activity of Belgian users.
South Africa's Western Cape province has declared a state of disaster affecting more than one million people hit by a drought.
Shares in Glencore plunged 10% on Monday, dragging down the FTSE 100 index.
Slip roads at Junction 12 of the M1 will be closed for three days next week.
A girl who suffered brain damage after being starved of oxygen has been awarded damages of more than £2m.
Harry Kane wants to play for England's Under-21s in the European Championship this summer.
Kent opening batsman Robert Key has announced his retirement from cricket at the end of the season, bringing to an end a 19-year career.
A man who stabbed a 15-year-old boy to death in Gloucestershire has been jailed for life.
Pope Francis has sent a video message to mark the 20th anniversary of the bombing of a Jewish centre in Argentina.
Michael Phelps has confirmed 2016 will be his last Olympics.
A two-year-old boy has lost his eye after being hit by a drone.
Guns N' Roses are returning to Ireland for the first time since 1992.
Wales secured a point in their final Euro 2017 qualification match against Austria in Cardiff.
The Hobbit will have its world premiere in Wellington, New Zealand, 11 years after the Lord of the Rings trilogy began.
The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 has become the UK's highest-grossing film of the year.
Police have re-opened the investigation into the murder of a disabled man in east Belfast 15 years ago.
RBS is moving 443 jobs to India as part of a cost-cutting drive.
Honduras has suspended eight of its consuls in the US after allegations that they were selling fake IDs.
India's new government will present its first full-year budget on 9 July, a senior finance ministry official has said.
The cost of car insurance in the UK rose by 16% over the past year, according to new research.
A man has been found guilty of allowing a dog to be out of control and kill a 10-year-old girl.
Los Angeles has announced it is bidding to host the 2024 Summer Olympics.
The founder of a children's hospice in the Vale of Glamorgan has died at the age of 56.
A new £10m laundry facility in Scotland has been opened by Fishers.
A theme park where an 11-year-old girl died after falling from a ride will reopen on Saturday.
The last words spoken by the pilot of missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 were "all right, good night", Malaysian authorities have said.
Tyrone will face Derry in the opening round of the 2017 Ulster Senior Football Championship.
New contracts with the US Navy will safeguard up to 100 jobs at Sheffield Forgemasters, the company has said.
A 74-year-old cancer survivor has become the oldest person to reach the South Pole.
The number of people living with cancer in Scotland has increased by 18% in the last five years, according to a charity.
A former lorry driver has been jailed for sexually assaulting four young girls more than 40 years ago.
Sam Smith has scored his second number one album, with In The Lonely Hour spending 20 weeks at the top of the UK album chart.
Former Glamorgan coach and player John Derrick has died at the age of 52 after a long illness.
Walsall moved up to third in League One as they beat Peterborough United to extend their visitors' winless run to 10 league games.
The FA Cup third-round ties will be played on Saturday, 7 January.
The number of stray dogs put down by councils in Northern Ireland has fallen by 0% in the past year.
A woman who went missing 12 years ago was murdered by her ex-husband, a court has heard.
A dog that had been missing for 12 days has been rescued from a gorge in the Highlands.
A widow and her friend have been jailed for 12 years for fraudulently claiming benefits after her husband died.
A man who has been jailed 10 times for swearing and drinking in public has been told he could spend the rest of his life in prison.
India has agreed to buy 36 Rafale fighter jets from France, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced.
The Oscar-winning 1981 film Chariots of Fire is to be shown in cinemas across the UK this summer.
Microsoft is considering a bid for Yahoo of more than $47bn, according to reports.
A plane crash in central Cuba has killed at least 61 people, officials say.
Fast and Furious 6 has topped the UK box office, knocking Baz Luhrmann's The Great Gatsby into second place.
Japan says 12 Chinese ships have entered its territorial waters near disputed islands in the East China Sea.
At least 31 people have been killed in an attack in China's Xinjiang region, state media say.
Taylor Swift has been accused of "bullying" a fan artist over a copyright dispute involving her 1989 album.
Sussex have announced the death of fast bowler Matthew Hobden at the age of 23.
The barcode is 60 years old this week, but the QR code is the new kid on the block.
Billy Monger, the British Formula 4 driver who lost his legs in a crash, will be released from hospital on 1 September.
A £1m investment is being made to expand one of Scotland's leading economic research institutes.
Ulster have called up Darren Cave and Luke Marshall for Friday's Pro12 game against Cardiff Blues.
A housing estate in York where 55 homes were built out of position has been given the go-ahead to be completed.
The Harry Potter play will be sold out on 1 July, the producers have warned.
Hannah Mills is considering a switch to a new Olympic class after winning gold at Rio 2016.
A mug used by Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has been sold on eBay for £51, raising money for charity.
Londoners will be voting for a new mayor in 2016.
Labour MP Graham Allen has announced he will not stand in the general election in June, after 30 years as an MP.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed above 6,000 for the first time in three days.
A former soldier left blind by an Iraq bomb blast in 2009 is bidding to compete for Great Britain in rowing.
Haiti has announced a recruitment drive for a new army, 20 years after the last one was disbanded.
A 17-year-old boy who stabbed a man in the head in a drug deal has been jailed for seven years.
Great Britain's Mo Farah won his third gold medal of Rio 2016 with victory in the men's 5,000m.
A charity has criticised a private healthcare company for selling work experience to school pupils for £1,000.
Former Sri Lanka fast bowler Chaminda Vaas has been appointed as Ireland's bowling consultant for the World T20.
Liberia has reported its first case of Ebola since 51 days ago.
A former Scout leader who sexually abused boys over a 41-year period has been jailed for 12 years.
A former prisoner of war who was captured by the Japanese in World War Two has died aged 100.
Two historians have identified 12 descendants of Leonardo da Vinci, the Italian Renaissance polymath and artist.
A Northumberland MP has raised concerns about the number of soldiers injured during training exercises at a military range over the past year.
A man who murdered his father in a frenzied knife attack has been jailed for at least 20 years.
David Florence won gold in the men's C1 canoe slalom at the World Championships in London.
A Catholic academy trust that runs 14 schools has been placed in special measures.
Sir Stirling Moss has been hospitalised in the UK following a chest infection at the age of 87.
Lancashire Police has said it needs to save an additional £20m due to government budget cuts.
A 14-year-old girl has delivered her baby brother in North Carolina, US.
BBC Radio 4 has decided to keep the Saturday Review programme after all.
The 2016 Oscars saw record-low ratings, according to US network ABC.
Former Wales wing Shane Williams says Wales could face a tougher draw in the 2019 World Cup if they continue to lose in the Six Nations.
About 150 protesters gathered outside a fundraising dinner hosted by President Trump in Washington on Thursday.
James Vince's unbeaten 52 helped Hampshire reach a strong position at the end of day one against Sussex.
British swimmer Stephen Milne finished fifth in the men's 400m freestyle at the World Championships in Kazan.
Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) has unveiled a new supercomputer it says it has taken 10 years to develop.
Polling stations have opened across Scotland for the general election on 7 May.
Plans to transform Swansea's Kingsway into a park have been met with scepticism.
The family of a scientist will not receive £500,000 after a High Court ruling.
The number of people who have died from the Ebola outbreak in Guinea has risen to 78, officials say.
The water quality at 17 beaches in Scotland has been rated as "poor", according to the Scottish Environment Protection Agency (Sepa).
At least 11 people have died from hornet stings in north-western China, according to local officials.
Two Italian rugby teams face being expelled from the Pro12 league after failing to pay their share of the prize fund.
A man has died in a crash on the A34 in Berkshire.
The number of households having their goods seized by bailiffs for unpaid council tax has increased by 16% in a year, according to a charity.
Richard Kilty has withdrawn from the 60m for the World Indoor Championships in Portland, Oregon, in March.
A group of men allegedly sexually abused girls as young as 12 in a "sickening" and "depraved" way, a court has heard
The Scottish government has been accused of failing to learn lessons after a £10bn investment deal with two Chinese companies collapsed.
Humans are made up of more than 500 genetic flaws, a study suggests.
A city in Australia has been hit by its worst flood in 10 years, after days of heavy rain.
A woman who murdered her partner by stabbing him in the neck has been jailed for 20 years.
About 150 community, political and business groups have issued a statement supporting Australian rules footballer Adam Goodes.
A family has been reunited with their home after being forced to live away for three months following a sinkhole.
The Northern Ireland environment minister is to meet road safety groups after five people died on the roads so far this year.
The number of police stations in Gloucestershire is to be reduced by 20% as part of a shake-up of the force.
Plans to create 31 new pitches for travellers in Solihull have been approved.
Gas supplies have been restored to more than 600 homes in Blaenau Gwent.
Two Welsh Labour AMs, Gwenda Hart and Edwina Hart, will not be standing for re-election at the 2016 assembly election.
The Scottish economy last experienced such a slowdown in growth in the final quarter of 2015, according to a survey.
A child as young as 13 was able to buy a knife from a shop in London, a trading standards investigation has found.
The DJ and producer best known for his hit single Children has died aged 48.
At least 35 people have been killed and dozens injured in a building collapse in southern India, officials say.
Jack and Emily were the most popular baby names in Northern Ireland in 2014, according to official figures.
A 13-year-old girl took her own life after a row with her mother, an inquest has heard.
A cathedral in Hereford has raised more than £25m for its restoration.
The number of new businesses starting up in Wales has fallen by 26% in the past five years.
A school has sent home 15 girls for wearing skirts that were too short.
Deadpool 2 stuntwoman Zoe Harris has died after crashing a motorbike on set.
At least 10 people have been killed in a suicide attack in north-western Afghanistan, officials say.
At least 60 people died in a crash between a bus and a truck in Ghana, officials say.
Martin Laird moved up 38 places in the world rankings after a strong finish at the Alfred Dunhill Links Championship.
The Irish government has said it plans to sell a 25% stake in the country's biggest bank.
Ariana Grande has cancelled the remaining dates of her UK tour following the Manchester Arena attack which killed 22 people.
Confidential documents relating to the valuation of homes due to be demolished for the HS2 rail project have been lost.
Glasgow will host matches during the Euro 2020 tournament, it has been confirmed.
Former Irish foreign minister Peter Barry has died at the age of 81.
Former Philippine senator Miriam Santiago has died at the age of 71.
Thousands of commuters faced delays of up to two hours after a 30-minute power failure.
The number of people whose identities were stolen by fraudsters last year rose by 56%, according to a fraud prevention service.
Miles Jupp is to host BBC Radio 4's The News Quiz, following Sandi Toksvig's departure.
The number of offenders under supervision who went on to commit serious further offences has risen by 27%, official figures show.
The Electoral Office has said it expects turnout in the 2017 assembly election to be higher than the 2016 poll.
A council in Hampshire has announced plans to close day centres and a residential home for elderly people with dementia, saving more than £1m.
Bob Marley concerts recorded 39 years ago have been restored and will be released on 18 May.
India's main opposition party has called a special session of parliament attended by 100 MPs to discuss anti-corruption legislation.
A black hole at the centre of a galaxy has gone quiet over the past nine years, astronomers have found.
About 100 janitors are set to begin an indefinite strike in a dispute over pay.
Scottish soul singer Alistair McDonald, also known as Alistair Diamond, has died aged 61.
Scotland has experienced its wettest winter on record, according to the Met Office.
A taxi driver who sexually assaulted two women in the back of his cab has been jailed for 15 years.
Rory McIlroy won the 10th event of the PGA Tour with a stunning final round at the Deutsche Bank Championship.
Alastair Cook has stepped down as England Test captain after four years in the role.
The last living Crow warrior to be awarded the title has died in the US state of Montana, aged 102.
Manchester United have signed England left-back Luke Shaw from Southampton for a fee of about £27m.
A former PoW who survived the Nagasaki atomic bomb has died aged 97.
The new individual electoral register will be introduced in England and Wales in 2014, the government has announced.
The Australian arm of US convenience store chain 7-Eleven has suspended its chairman and chief executive amid a scandal over suspected underpaying of workers at some 45
BBC Radio 2 has announced that Don McLean and The Dubliners will be honoured at this year's Folk Awards.
(Close): The FTSE 100 rose to a new record high, helped by mining shares, as investors digested the latest survey of the UK service sector.
A Christmas carol service in Dorset was attended by more than 20 animals.
The number of people requiring care due to dementia will rise by 175% by the year 2050, a report has warned.
The Africa Cup of Nations will be held in June for the first time in 2021.
The UK competition regulator must decide by 11 November whether to refer the Three/O2 merger to a full investigation.
A widower has said he is "ignoring" a £6m bill for his wife's funeral.
A Florida prosecutor has been stripped of 21 murder cases by the governor, who accused her of sending the wrong message on the death penalty.
A new tax collection body will start collecting two new taxes from 2018, the Welsh government has announced.
The US has bought Iranian heavy water for the first time in 30 years, in a move that could help ease tensions between the two countries.
A 17-year-old student has been found dead in a park in Greater Manchester, police have said.
Guernsey cyclists will be competing in the 2019 Island Games in Gibraltar, despite the absence of mountain biking.
Valentine's Day is celebrated on 14 February.
A 10-year-old child was injured during an incident involving Greater Manchester Police officers, it has been confirmed.
A 12-year-old boy has been given a community order after stabbing a man in the face and chest.
Up to 100 people were forced to flee from a fire at a Walkabout bar in Manchester city centre.
Gillingham striker Liam Watt hopes to be involved in Scotland's World Cup 2018 qualifying campaign.
Climbing is set to be added to the Olympic Games programme for the 2020 Tokyo Games.
Ten officers are being investigated over their handling of child sex abuse in Rotherham, the Independent Police Complaints Commission has said.
McLaren boss Ron Dennis says the team must remember their previous success in Formula 1 as they look to find form.
Bernie Ecclestone says a new qualifying system for Formula 1 will not be ready for the start of the season.
Liverpool have agreed a £29m deal to sign Hoffenheim forward Roberto Firmino.
The expansion of a Harris Tweed company is expected to create 20 new jobs.
Ireland is holding a general election on Friday 26 February to choose the next government.
The amount of spam being sent to people's inboxes has fallen to a record low, according to security firm Symantec.
Salford forward Logan Tompkins will be out of action until 1 July after injuring his knee against Huddersfield.
Microsoft has announced that users of Windows 10 Pro will no longer be able to download apps from the Windows Store without permission.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens has been named best movie at the 2016 MTV Movie Awards.
A sixth man has been arrested in connection with the fatal shooting of a man on the M62 on Monday.
A global campaign against sexual harassment in schools is to be launched by the World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts.
A man given an order which requires him to inform the police of his sexual activity has said he will go on hunger strike.
An Amtrak train has derailed in Pennsylvania, killing two people and injuring 40 others, officials say.
China will close its domestic ivory market by the end of 2017, the government has announced.
A 41-year-old woman has appeared in court accused of murdering a blind pensioner.
A 15-year-old boy has been charged with the murders of a mother and daughter in Lincolnshire.
Woking secured their first win in five games with a 10-man victory over Eastleigh.
A 14-year-old boy has been charged with the rape of a 12-year-old girl in a park.
A former glamour model and ex-wife of an MP has thrown her hat into the ring to become an MP at the upcoming 8 June general election.
The co-creator of The Simpsons, one of the most successful TV shows of all time, has died aged 59.
Coldplay have announced their new album, A Head Full of Dreams, will be released on 4 December 2015.
The trial of Ibrahim Halawa, an Irish man being held in Egypt, has been postponed for a 18th time.
A 27-year-old man has been arrested after cannabis plants were discovered at a house in Fife.
Paul Hollywood has said he will continue to judge the Great British Bake Off on Channel 4.
Glamorgan batsman Aneurin Donald wants to help the county reach the T20 Blast finals day.
A plane which has become a celebrity in its own right has made its final flight after 26 years in service.
A man who was placed under a sex offender order has been barred from claiming Universal Credit.
More than 30 firefighters have been involved in tackling a blaze at a recycling plant in Newry.
A County Armagh man has been charged with the kidnap and murder of a County Armagh man in 1998.
A bug linked to swimming pools has been linked to 61 cases in the South West, Public Health England has said.
Crown Resorts employees have been detained in China, Australian media report.
Thailand has transferred more than 50 police officers to the south of the country to investigate human trafficking.
Typhoon Soudelor has killed at least 18 people in China, state media report, as it moved inland after battering Taiwan.
Aberystwyth University has said 100 European students have withdrawn their applications to study there following the Brexit vote.
A famous author's love of chamomile is set to be revealed in a new exhibition.
Guy Martin failed to finish a race at the Cookstown 1000 as the meeting was hit by bad weather.
Valentino Rossi won his first MotoGP race in 18 months at the San Marino Grand Prix in Italy.
The ringleader of a gang that stabbed a drug dealer in the back has been jailed for 15 years.
A new version of the 1949 comedy Whisky Galore is to be released in cinemas 67 years after the original film.
A proposed high-speed rail link between Manchester and Leeds should also include stops in Bradford and York, a report has said.
Wales drew with Israel in their second World Cup qualification Group 8 match in Israel.
An island which has had an intermittent electricity supply for 33 years is to get a reliable supply for the first time.
The founder of the micronation Sealand, which was once used as a pirate radio station, has died aged 81.
A £10m black hole in funding for people with learning disabilities in the Western Trust area has been confirmed.
Archaeologists believe they have found the remains of a chapel commissioned by King Richard III in the 15th Century.
Aldershot Town and York City played out a goalless draw at the Recreation Ground.
Algeria have appointed Rubi Alcaraz as their new coach for the 2018 World Cup qualifiers.
A wedding dress missing for more than a year has been found in a pile of old lace.
Andrew Butchart is the defending champion in the 5000m at the European Cross Country Championships.
A new steel fabrication business is to be created in Caerphilly county, creating 20 jobs.
West Ham striker Andy Carroll is expected to return to action on 17 October.
Windies fast bowler Fidel Edwards will be available for Hampshire in 2017.
BBC Radio 5 live will provide live commentary on the final day of the Ryder Cup.
Actor Paul Wingreen, who played the bartender in All in the Family, has died aged 93.
A Taiwan bus crash that killed 26 people last year was a suicide, not a mechanical failure, officials say.
Essex closed on 22-1, a lead of 47, against Leicestershire at Chelmsford in their Division Two match.
A GP who allegedly sexually abused young boys and girls in Shropshire 40 years ago is being investigated by police.
Harlequins have signed American footballer Psalm Wooching for the World Club 10s tournament in Mauritius.
A baby who fell 10 storeys from a Minneapolis balcony has survived, doctors say.
Jost Capito is to leave the McLaren F1 team, with the former Volkswagen motorsport director set to be replaced by an American.
A 16-year-old boy is so self-conscious about his appearance that he photoshops all of his online profile pictures.
A record number of new cars were sold in the UK in 2016, according to figures from the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders.
A Chinese under-19 team will play in the German fifth tier league next season, according to the German FA.
Germany's economy will be larger than that of the United States in 2015, according to the International Monetary Fund.
A mother on trial for the murder of her 18-month-old daughter has admitted she was the "prime candidate" for her death.
Nottinghamshire took control of their County Championship match against Yorkshire after England batsman Joe Root was dismissed for 10.
A car bomb attack in northern Iraq has killed at least 15 people, officials say.
The family of US comedian Joan Rivers has reached a settlement in a lawsuit over her death at the age of 81.
At least 34 people have been killed in an attack by Islamic State (IS) militants in the Iraqi city of Tikrit, officials say.
People born in 1915 are living longer and in better health as they age, a study suggests.
Police are searching for a 70-year-old man who has been missing for more than 24 hours.
Sickness absence among ambulance staff in Wales has fallen by 4% in the past year, according to new figures.
A 21-year-old man has admitted hacking into US military computers to help Islamic State militants.
Landslides triggered by torrential rains in western Japan have killed at least 40 people, officials say.
No drug testing has been carried out in Spanish football for 12 months, the World Anti-Doping Agency has said.
Edinburgh head coach Alan Solomons says his side have closed the gap on Glasgow Warriors after achieving a league double over them for the first time in 12 years.
A hospital trust has admitted three cancer patients died after they were "lost to follow-up".
Midfielder Paul Mullin has been released by Morecambe after his contract was extended by 18 months in January.
A helicopter crash in western Siberia has killed 19 people, Russian officials say.
Hundreds of steelworkers are protesting in Brussels on 14 September to highlight the problems facing the industry.
Poet John Agard has been awarded the Queen's Gold Medal for Poetry 2014.
The Daily Mail has paid tribute to its astrologer Jonathan Cainer, who died on Saturday aged 60.
Italian rider David Maeso will make his return to racing at this year's North West 200.
A search for the identity of a murder victim whose body was never found has ruled out claims from more than 10 families.
A man who was shot in the chest in a nightclub 13 years ago has died, police have said.
The number of marriages in Scotland was as high in 2014 as it was 40 years ago, according to official figures.
A fire has destroyed a 19th Century building which was being considered for conversion into a hotel.
Gareth Southgate has turned down the opportunity to manage the England Under-21s on a temporary basis.
People are paying an average of £2000 to access their pension pots, according to a report by Citizens Advice.
Dame Maggie Smith's film 45 Years has received 10 nominations for the Evening Standard British Film Awards.
A man who sexually abused a 14-year-old girl has been jailed for four years.
India and Pakistan have agreed to hold formal talks for the first time in more than 10 years.
Tram tracks which were buried more than 100 years ago have been discovered in Nottingham.
A wind farm project in County Londonderry which was turned down by councillors is to go ahead after all.
England is bidding to host the 2022 Commonwealth Games after the South African city of Durban lost the right to stage the event.
Staff on the NHS 111 helpline are "exhausted", a whistleblower has claimed.
North Korea's leader Kim Jong-un has executed 15 senior officials in the first four months of the year, South Korea's spy agency says.
Manny Pacquiao will fight for the WBO welterweight title against Jessie Vargas on 5 November, his manager has confirmed.
At least nine people have died in floods in the Indian Ocean island of Mauritius, officials say.
Great Britain's Nicola Adams will begin her bid for a second consecutive Olympic gold in the 52kg category.
More than 120 vehicles have been found after being booked into an unofficial Gatwick parking firm.
Ireland's opening batsman Meg Kendal achieved her career-best score of 54 in their opening game of the Women's World Twenty tournament.
Police investigating the murder of Sian O'Callaghan have found the remains of a woman aged about 30.
A council has turned down a family of eight for a council house because it said the property was "too small".
Bernie Sanders has triumphed in three states in the US Democratic primary, winning 140 delegates.
An ambulance service which failed to meet its response times last year is to recruit 200 new paramedics.
A flute band is to play a special role in commemorating the 100th anniversary of the Battle of the Somme.
An Indian man who admitted to spying for India has been released after 25 years in a Pakistani jail.
The police ombudsman is to investigate whether the RUC had information which could have prevented the 1993 Shankill Road bombing in Belfast
New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum retired after scoring 29 runs in his final Test innings against Australia.
Bosnian Serbs have voted overwhelmingly to keep 9 January as a national holiday, despite a court ruling that it is unconstitutional.
An 11-year-old boy is being forced to have surgery against his parents' wishes, a judge has ruled.
Gunmen have kidnapped 30 Hazara Shia Muslims in southern Afghanistan, officials say.
More than 150 scientists have urged the postponement or relocation of the Rio Olympics because of the Zika virus.
More than 40 firefighters were needed to tackle a blaze at a derelict car showroom.
A council watchdog has criticised Medway's school improvement services after it was found 14 primary schools were rated as "inadequate" or "requiring improvement
More than 100 people have been protesting outside the Rwandan embassy in London, calling for the release of a general detained in the UK.
California lawmakers have abandoned plans to cut petrol use by 50% by 2030.
Ryanair's expansion at Glasgow and Edinburgh airports will create 330 new jobs, the airline has said.
Two French pilots who tried to smuggle cocaine into France have returned to the country after escaping from house arrest.
The removal of the appendix or tonsils in women in their 20s may affect their fertility, a study suggests.
Cardiff council is to consider a £1bn City Deal for the capital.
A 50-year-old man cleared of rape has said he is "devastated" by an order that requires him to inform the police of any planned sexual activity
(Close): The FTSE 100 index fell 0.45% at the close, with shares in Sky dragging on the index.
Delta Air Lines is considering placing a 125-firm order for Bombardier's C Series aircraft, according to reports.
A 24-hour strike by Merseyrail conductors has begun in a dispute over the role of guards on trains.
Wales is celebrating its legends, culture and heritage in 2017, the Welsh Government has announced.
Japanese woman Misao Okawa, who was believed to be the world's oldest person, has died aged 117.
Yorkshire have re-signed New Zealand captain Kane Williamson as their overseas player for the 2016 season.
More than 100 forest fires have broken out in northern Spain, officials say.
A group of Welsh campaigners has travelled to the COP21 climate change conference in Paris to call for more action at home.
Supercar manufacturer McLaren is creating 250 new jobs at its Surrey factory.
Leinster ran in 10 tries to beat Zebre and move back into third place in the Pro12.
Ferguson Marine has been awarded a £1m grant to help it rebuild its shipyard.
Cardiff Blues head coach Danny Wilson was delighted with his side's second half display against Edinburgh.
Formula 1 has signed a two-year partnership with Snapchat to cover the racing season on the social media platform.
Glasgow Warriors have signed New Zealand-born Edinburgh back Sean Maitland for the 2015-16 season.
Brazilian footballer Sarah Vandelli has been forced to pull out of Channel 4's The Jump after injuring her ankle.
A boy from Afghanistan who was inspired by Lionel Messi's participation in the 2022 World Cup will finally meet his hero.
A 12-year-old girl is among 21 people shot at a memorial service in Chicago.
A US father has criticised Facebook after a photo of his dead child was displayed in his "Year in Review" album.
Derbyshire captain Billy Godleman made a career-best 204 as they dominated Worcestershire on day two at Derby.
Austrian police have arrested two men suspected of helping the Paris attacks that killed 130 people in November.
A 17-year-old cellist has won the BBC Young Musician competition.
Welsh artist Bedwyr Williams has won the fifth Artes Mundi art prize.
British driver Jolyon Palmer has been retained as Renault's driver for 2017.
The trial of an Irish teenager being held in Egypt has been adjourned for the 15th time.
A Cornish company has received £1m investment to develop a lithium mine.
The murder of a sex worker 12 years ago is to be reinvestigated, the Crown Office has announced.
Haas F1 Team have launched their new car for 2017 - the VF-17.
A design contract for the A96 has been awarded, taking the project a step closer to becoming a reality.
(Close): The FTSE 100 index ended the day flat, with mining shares weighing on the index.
The number of congested roads in UK cities has risen by 125% compared to other European countries, according to new research.
A union representing actors in video games has voted to authorise a strike, but talks will continue to try to resolve the dispute.
A painting by Paul Cezanne created in 1885 is to be saved for the public after a government export bar.
S Club have announced they will be embarking on a 2015 reunion tour.
The number of cyclists mugged for their bikes in London has risen by 43% in the past year, according to police.
France has invited 20 countries to a meeting in Paris on Tuesday to discuss the situation in Iraq and Syria.
Jeremy Corbyn has pledged to invest £200m in coastal towns if he wins the Labour leadership contest.
Ten people were taken to hospital after a chemical incident at a south London leisure centre.
New York prosecutors have seized data from 381 Facebook accounts, the social media giant has revealed.
Leicestershire have signed all-rounder Kevin O'Brien for the T20 Blast tournament.
About 100 people have taken part in a gay pride march in Kiev, Ukraine, despite a ban.
The man who took £2m from BHS before it went bust has been convicted of speeding.
Barnsley have made Paul Heckingbottom their head coach on a two-year contract.
The Welsh government is considering creating nine councils in Wales, the BBC has learned.
A Liverpool-based hotel group has agreed to pay £15m for a former Scottish Mutual building in Belfast.
Shares in Daimler have dropped more than 10% in early trade after the carmaker announced an investigation into possible emissions test cheating.
The Australian Senate has 10 new faces after an election that saw the far-right Pauline Hanson return to federal politics.
Police investigating the disappearance of a toddler 35 years ago have released a new e-fit of a man they want to trace.
Ann Clwyd has decided to stand as a candidate for Labour in the Cynon Valley at the 2015 general election.
More people died around the Scottish coastline last year than in cycling accidents, according to the Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI).
Celtic's Scottish Cup semi-final against Rangers will be held on Saturday 16 April.
A man has become the first person to swim the length of the River Severn in 10 days.
Tributes have been paid to two 17-year-old boys who died after falling from a cliff.
About 200 African migrants facing deportation from South Africa have been granted a temporary reprieve from the courts.
A £16m research project into dementia has been announced by the UK government.
A sea turtle with a badly damaged beak has been given a new lease of life thanks to 3D printing technology.
A 15-year-old boy who was sexually abused by a man he met on Facebook has spoken out about his ordeal.
Kent Women's captain Charlotte Edwards has announced her retirement from cricket, after 16 years with the county.
The 42nd anniversary of the demolition of a castle which inspired Shakespeare is to be marked.
The new season-ending Davis Cup and Fed Cup finals will be held in Geneva from November 2018.
A private service has been held for a police officer shot dead by the IRA 25 years ago.
Jameela Jamil is leaving the Official Chart Show on BBC Radio 1 to be replaced by Clara Amfo.
The Home Office is to release 30 files about the Battle of Orgreave, the home secretary has announced.
A former Olympic athlete has reached the age of 100, and says he has no plans to slow down.
A driver who lost control of his car at 120mph and crashed into a field has been given a suspended jail sentence.
Plans for a £12m new office development in Wolverhampton have been unveiled.
About 150 council workers were underpaid due to a new payroll system, a meeting has heard.
Carlos Sainz will remain at Toro Rosso in 2017, Red Bull team boss Christian Horner has confirmed.
Two teeth removed from King John's tomb 200 years ago are to go on display as part of an exhibition marking the 800th anniversary of Mag
A suicide attacker has blown himself up at a dog-fighting competition in southern Afghanistan, killing at least 65 people, officials say.
The University of Lincoln is to receive £10m to build a new health science centre.
Drake's single One Dance has been at number one on the UK singles chart for 15 weeks.
Samsung is to re-release its disastrous Galaxy Note 7 as a "green" phone.
Frome Town manager Mark Bunyard has been given an 18-month suspension for betting on football matches.
Edinburgh have secured the services of full-back Blair Kinghorn for another two years.
John Lewis has appointed its first female managing director of its 53-store chain.
The Irish government has granted a posthumous pardon to a man executed 75 years ago for the murder of a woman in County Tipperary.
Snooker is bidding to become an official sport at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
Great Britain basketball star Drew Sullivan has announced his retirement at the age of 36.
Teachers in Powys have held a march in Llandrindod Wells as part of a 19-school strike.
Three former care workers have been jailed for sexually abusing boys at a school more than 60 years ago.
Celtic players have paid tribute to a 13-year-old boy who died after collapsing during a football match.
The oldest primary school pupil in Nigeria, Mohammud Modibbo, has died aged 94.
Hampshire captain Will Smith hit 200 as the hosts dominated against Lancashire on day two at Southampton.
A Terex Trucks factory in Lanarkshire is to cut 65 jobs, the company has announced.
An 87-year-old woman has been conned out of her life savings by a bogus workman.
The European Commission has proposed to speed up the process for human drug tests by 100 days.
The Colombian government has asked the US for an update on an inquiry into allegations that US soldiers sexually abused underage girls 10 years ago.
A 14-year-old girl has taken a selfie with Prince William after asking him for a photo during a walk to church.
A £2m scheme aimed at helping people with mental health problems get involved in sport is to be launched next year.
A study of more than 100,000 people over 40 years has found a changing relationship between body weight and early death.
The rare stamp dealer Stanley Gibbons has said it is exploring a potential sale of the business.
Royal Troon will host the 2016 Open Championship even if it does not change its men-only membership policy.
Glamorgan beat Gloucestershire by 53 runs in a low-scoring T20 Blast match at Bristol.
Scarlets held on to beat Leinster despite the Irish province having a man sent off in the second half.
Fast bowler Lasith Malinga has been ruled out of Sri Lanka's World Twenty20 tournament in India because of a knee injury.
A man who killed a 36-year-old in a street attack has been jailed for five years.
Olympic champion Laura Trott will not compete in the women's team pursuit at the London Track Cycling World Cup in October.
Typhoon Bopha has killed at least 47 people in the Philippines, officials say, as the storm continues to batter the country.
Up to 190 women involved in prostitution in Swindon are being monitored by police.
Newcastle boss Steve McClaren says the club's £29m January transfer window spending shows their ambition.
Gary Neville and Ryan Giggs have put their £500m development in Manchester city centre on hold.
A 20-year-old soldier from Yorkshire has been killed in Afghanistan.
Hackers stole email addresses of 53 million customers during a data breach at Home Depot, the US retailer has said.
The veteran Congolese opposition leader Etienne Tshisekedi has died at the age of 84, his party says.
At least 10 people were injured on an Air Canada flight from Toronto to Hong Kong on Saturday after severe turbulence hit.
Glamorgan batsman Jacque Rudolph has signed a contract extension which will keep him at the county until 2015.
The chief executive of Northampton Borough Council is to resign after 10 years in the role.
A hospital trust which was rated inadequate by health inspectors is set to receive £30m to improve services and recruit more staff.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average has closed at a record high for the 13th day in a row, marking its longest winning streak ever.
The deadline for registering to vote in the general election on 7 May is 20 April, the Electoral Commission has said.
The Miami Dolphins will play at Wembley against the New Orleans Saints in 2017.
Ulster suffered their first defeat in the Pro12 as they lost to Scarlets in Llanelli.
A prisoner has been awarded £1m in compensation after his possessions went missing during a prison transfer.
Amir Khan hopes to fight Kell Brook in a rematch in May 2017.
The Theatre Royal in Nottingham is celebrating 150 years of hosting pantomimes.
The highest mountain in the UK has been recreated in virtual reality.
Former Scotland badminton international Kirsty Gilmour has retired at the age of 21.
Pakistan thrashed Ireland by 255 runs in the first of two one-day internationals in Belfast.
The Conservatives have refused to devolve policing to Wales, despite the loss of 10 police officers.
The collapse of a £1bn deal with two Chinese firms will not have a long-term impact on Scotland's relationship with China, experts have said.
Rob Jones' unbeaten 50 helped Lancashire recover from a precarious position against Middlesex.
A consumer group has accused Volkswagen (VW) of failing to compensate owners of 1.2 million VW 1 cars affected by the emissions scandal.
A new £10m railway station in east London has opened to the public.
Adam Peaty set a new British record and won gold in the 50m breaststroke at the British Swimming Championships.
More than 50 people were treated for breathing difficulties after a suspected chemical incident at a college.
Girls are spending half of their time on household chores by the age of 14, according to a new UN report.
A BBC presenter couple who have worked for the corporation for 20 years have been charged with sex offences.
A man accused of murdering a prison officer in 2012 has been arrested in the Republic of Ireland.
Calderdale Council has approved £10m to help residents and businesses recover from the Boxing Day floods.
Cardigan Castle has reopened after a £12m restoration project.
Pakistan beat Scotland by 96 runs in the first of two one-day internationals in Edinburgh.
The number of children reported missing in Wales has risen by more than 200% in the past year, according to new figures.
A memorial service has been held to mark 40 years since a plane crash killed three children and two airmen.
Worcestershire opening batsman Alex Gidman has been forced to retire at the age of 35 because of a finger injury.
Vast majority of clinical trials for Alzheimer's disease have failed over the past 10 years, a study suggests.
A man who carried out an armed robbery in East Lothian while on bail for a similar offence has been jailed for three years.
About 150 people were evacuated from their homes after a gas leak in south-east London.
Southern rail workers could go on strike on 26 October, the Rail, Maritime and Transport union has said.
Phyllida Barlow has been named as the British artist to represent the country at the Venice Biennale 2017.
The remains of two soldiers killed in World War Two have been found and reburied in a ceremony in Wiltshire, 69 years after they died.
A 16th Century shipwreck and a Grade-II listed zoo aviary are among 20 historic buildings and sites in England added to a register of
Zoe Smith produced a stunning final lift to win gold in the -69kg at the Commonwealth Games.
At least 10 schools have been closed in Cape Town in South Africa as levels of gang violence have risen.
A 39-year-old woman who was due to be deported to Zambia has had her removal put on hold.
A £50m retail development in Northampton town centre has been scrapped.
There are 40 vacant posts for radiologists in Northern Ireland's health service.
Leinster will be without Johnny Sexton for Friday's Pro12 game against Edinburgh at Murrayfield.
A county council has published a list of assets it plans to sell over the next four years worth £360m.
An Aberdeen-based offshore shipping firm has secured £18m of new investment to keep it in business.
A school has reversed a decision to end the day early so pupils can watch the Euro 2016 football match on 16 June.
An 89-year-old woman died after falling through a supermarket door.
Widnes have offered full-back Brett Hanbury a new three-year contract.
Major roadworks have begun on the M8 motorway in the east end of Glasgow.
A government scheme to encourage parents to attend parenting classes has cost £1m per parent, according to Labour.
A 101-year-old woman who was attacked and robbed in her home in north London is too frightened to return.
McDonald's has extended its sponsorship deal with the International Olympic Committee (IOC) until 2020.
A tattoo artist has been jailed for 12 years for sexually assaulting two women and filming them undressing.
A China Eastern Airlines flight has landed in China with 20 people injured after severe turbulence.
A steel firm which was set up to save another company in Newport has gone into administration with the loss of more than 100 jobs.
Scotland were defeated by Hong Kong in a 10-over game in the Hong Kong Cricket Sixes.
A 16-year-old boy has been jailed for raping two teenage girls.
Snap's shares will begin trading at $17 after its initial public offering (IPO).
Up to 111 patients may have missed hospital appointments because of an error by a health trust.
A book that was 80 years overdue has been returned to a library in County Meath.
Russia has criticised the arrival of 250 US paratroopers in Ukraine to train government troops.
Campaigners have gathered to save an oak tree which is expected to live for another 150 years.
A woman was crushed under a bus in a crash which injured 10 people in west London.
Storm Abigail is set to bring winds of up to 70mph to parts of the UK.
India and Bangladesh have signed a land border agreement to swap 150 enclaves as part of a long-running territorial dispute.
Ulster have confirmed that they have ended their bid to sign South Africa flanker Arno Botha for the Pro12.
The billionaire owner of India's Vedanta Resources has said his family trust plans to buy a 12% stake in Anglo American.
Libyan officials say they have found two mass graves outside Tripoli containing the bodies of at least 19 people.
A stately home built in the 18th Century is to be sold after the death of its owner.
The UK's communications regulator has said it is in the interests of consumers to have four mobile networks, not three.
BBC Two is to celebrate the 20th anniversary of comedy series Goodness Gracious Me with a special episode.
A bun-throwing event has taken place in Oxfordshire to mark the Queen's 90th birthday.
The NHS in England is expected to be £2bn short by the end of the financial year, a leading health think-tank has warned.
Africa has gone a year without a case of wild polio virus transmission - the longest period since 1984.
Bernie Ecclestone says he has agreed a new Concorde Agreement with the FIA for the next seven years.
Kenya's Mary Keitany won her third New York City Marathon title to join the elite group of three-time winners.
John Menzies is to buy US-based aviation services company Asig for $202m.
Gold seized from a smuggling gang worth £1m is being auctioned off in Northern Ireland.
The value of country sports tourism in Scotland is expected to grow to £185m by 2020, the Rural Economy Secretary has said.
Personal data of more than 100,000 O2 customers was being sold on the dark net, the BBC has learned.
A Scottish mother-to-be is expecting her 13th child - the first grandchild for the family of 14.
Tunisia's media landscape began to change following the 2011 revolution.
Police Scotland has confirmed that 60 police stations in Scotland will close their public counters.
Louis Smith has won the Christmas special of Strictly Come Dancing 2012.
A West Midlands engineering firm has been sold, saving 333 jobs.
A man who fraudulently obtained £100,000 from Mercedes-Benz has been jailed for three years.
The new owners of Formula 1 have committed to improving the sport, according to Red Bull and Mercedes.
Marie-Ange Koutou is one of the BBC's 100 Women.
A 26-year-old teacher who was found dead in a hotel room had been strangled, a post-mortem examination has revealed.
Peter Shilton, England's number one for 20 years, has criticised manager Sam Allardyce for playing Wayne Rooney in midfield.
A message in a bottle sent by three kids in Sweden has travelled 6,000 miles to Panama after 22 years.
A man who died in a fatal crash on the A78 in South Ayrshire was walking on the road at the time.
Wales all-rounder Tom Donald has been recalled to the England Under-19 World Cup squad.
China's Lenovo has reported a 23% increase in net profit for the second quarter, helped by strong sales of laptops.
Manchester United's 19-match unbeaten run in the Premier League came to an end as Southampton won at Old Trafford.
Couples who had booked weddings and events at a hotel that went into liquidation have lost about £100,000.
US President Donald Trump has thanked Russian President Vladimir Putin for forcing out 755 Russian diplomats.
A man has attacked a 14-year-old girl in Rochdale, Greater Manchester Police has said.
Derby County have appointed John Peacock as their new first-team coach, returning to the club after a 30-month tenure.
The Scottish government's transport strategy has been in place for a decade, according to a review.
A memorial to 100 people killed in a First World War munitions factory explosion is to be listed.
The man who founded image-sharing website 4chan has joined Google.
Up to 12,000 teachers could lose their jobs because of proposed funding cuts for London's schools, a report has said.
Nico Rosberg has been penalised for receiving illegal help from his team during the European Grand Prix in Azerbaijan.
Microsoft has announced the launch of Windows 10, the latest version of its operating system.
Austria is set to ban smoking in restaurants, cafes and bars from 2018.
Applications to study at university in the UK have fallen by 5% - the third time in four years that they have dropped.
Roman glass dishes made about 200 years ago have been unearthed in Hertfordshire, archaeologists have said.
A search is under way for a missing doctor near Ansteys Cove in Devon.
The UK's housebuilding sector contracted in the last three months of 2014, according to official figures.
Leader of the UK Independence Party Nigel Farage has missed an appearance on BBC Radio 4's Any Questions? because of traffic delays.
Nicole Kidman says she still feels like a 21-year-old, at the age of 50.
At least 100 people have been injured in a New York subway derailment, officials say.
People should be made to vote at 18 to reverse a trend of declining turnouts, a think tank has said.
The British woman who survived the murder of her fiance 15 years ago has returned to Australia to search for his remains.
The Liberal Democrats have suffered their biggest defeat in 50 years in local elections.
The Australian share market has started the week with a 2% increase, with mining stocks leading the way.
The family of a passenger on missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has reached a settlement with the airline.
A Gloucestershire veteran has been presented with a medal for his service on the Arctic convoys 70 years ago.
Personal information on more than 100,000 people has been leaked online, a security expert has said.
Former Birmingham City manager Harry Goodwin has died at the age of 76.
US musician Arthur Smith, who had a hit with Guitar Boogie in 1948, has died aged 93.
A job advert for a £150,000 chief constable has been criticised for using "jargon".
A 36in snake has escaped from a kitchen drawer and is on the run in Edinburgh.
Two soldiers from the 1st Battalion Irish Guards have been killed in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has said.
A cat that travelled more than 100 miles in the back of a van has been found by a kind-hearted motorist.
(Close): Shares of Walt Disney fell 5% and contributed to a fall in the Dow Jones.
Tomas Borge, a leading figure in Nicaragua's Sandinista revolution, has died aged 83.
The remains of an old road have been revealed for the first time in 50 years after low water levels exposed them.
More than 20 children were rescued from a bus that became stranded in flood water.
World champion Lewis Hamilton will not face prosecution after being filmed using his mobile phone while riding a motorcycle on the Auckland motorway.
Alex Danson has been forced to pull out of the 2014 World Cup because of a knee injury.
The mother of a woman who disappeared 20 years ago has said she is "hopeful" after three men were arrested on suspicion of her murder.
A woman who continued to claim her mother's pensions for 22 years after her death has been caught.
Proposed improvements to tackle a hairpin bend on the A9 are to be discussed with the public.
Brazil's spending cap has been approved by the Senate by 8%.
West Bromwich Albion have rejected a £15m bid from Tottenham for striker Saido Berahino.
A 23-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a Met Police officer.
Jess Learmonth secured her place in the British team for the Rio Olympics with victory in the Abu Dhabi World Triathlon Series event.
GCHQ is looking to recruit 100 students for its summer schools, which are designed to teach cybersecurity skills.
The Ivory Coast Football Federation has increased its budget for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations by 50%.
A fire service in Northumberland needs to save £2m but the county's fire authority has said it is "concerned" about the future.
Two poems by JRR Tolkien have been discovered in a school magazine 80 years ago.
The number of breweries in Wales has reached its highest level for 20 years, according to industry figures.
People with type-2 diabetes may not benefit from taking medication to control their blood sugar levels if they are over the age of 75, a study suggests.
Heavyweight world champion Tyson Fury has been named Ring magazine's fighter of the year for 2015.
Wood Group, the Aberdeen-based oil services company, has seen half-year profits drop by 39%.
Flintshire council is to hold a series of public meetings to discuss how to save £21m from its budget.
Steven Adams may not be the biggest name in the NBA play-offs, but he is certainly making a big impression.
HP has cancelled orders for laptops that it offered at a discount of almost 100%.
A man has been arrested after a knife attack in a supermarket in Hamburg that left 10 people injured.
The EU referendum will take place on 23 June, the government has confirmed.
At least 107 people have been killed and hundreds injured in a crane collapse at the Grand Mosque in Mecca, Saudi officials say.
The cost of the Aberdeen bypass and dualling of the A90 road will be £745m, the Scottish government has confirmed.
A new £1m fund to help police officers suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) has been announced.
A prisoner in Arkansas has been caught after 30 years on the run.
Malaysian police have detained 100 foreigners in a crackdown on illegal immigrants, officials say.
The States of Guernsey will write off £25m of debt for the airline Aurigny.
Former world heavyweight champion Frank Bruno has been advised not to return to the ring at the age of 50.
Leicester City are on the verge of one of the biggest shocks in sporting history by winning the 2016 Premier League title.
Australia have named an unchanged starting XV for their World Cup match against England in Cardiff on 19 September.
Personal details of 100 vulnerable adults were exposed online, Gloucestershire County Council has admitted.
A famous tigress in India has died at the age of 19.
Hibernian have signed Kris Commons on loan from Celtic until 31 December.
An investigation into historical child sex abuse in football now involves more than 300 clubs, police have said.
London motorists could face a £100 fine for dropping litter from their cars under new rules.
A former Auschwitz guard has died aged 90, just days before his trial was due to start in Germany.
The number of councils in Wales that have stopped providing a free pest control service has reached 10.
Tottenham maintained their unbeaten record in the Europa League last 16 as they drew at Fiorentina.
The Harrogate International Festivals has launched a £1m appeal to secure the future of the event which has been running for 50 years.
Two piers in Blackpool have been sold to the same family for the first time in more than 150 years.
A service has been held in Birmingham to remember the 21 people killed in the IRA pub bombings in the city.
A woman who died in a crash on the A96 near Huntly has been named.
At least 13 people have died and hundreds of homes have been destroyed as wildfires rage across Tennessee.
Beacons were lit across the UK on Thursday evening as part of a series of events to mark the Queen's 90th birthday.
Durham beat Leicestershire by 11 runs in the One-Day Cup to move up to second in the North Group.
A Turkish journalist says he is on a Turkish prosecutor's warrant for alleged involvement in the failed coup.
An iconic Tokyo hotel, favoured by world leaders and James Bond, will be demolished in 2015.
The Duchess of Cambridge has visited Luxembourg to celebrate the 150th anniversary of a treaty that secured the country's independence.
A Typhoon fighter jet has been unveiled to mark the 75th anniversary of the Battle of Britain.
A declaration to tackle climate change has been signed by 10 major oil and gas companies.
Two men who stole more than £1,000 worth of sex toys from a Belfast sex shop have been given suspended jail terms.
Services have been held in Wales to mark the 70th anniversary of VJ Day.
Durham beat Lancashire by 10 wickets to move up to second in Division One.
A new railway station is to be built in a town that has been without one for more than 50 years.
A pastor who was accused of involvement in the 1994 Rwandan genocide has lost his appeal against being sent to Rwanda for trial.
Revenue Scotland has collected more than £500m in its first year of operation, the organisation has said.
A Labour MP has claimed that air pollution in London is worse than in Beijing - on 11 October.
Regeneration projects in Hull are to get a £16m boost, the city council has announced.
A council is in talks with the National Trust to hand back the management of a 17th Century Staffordshire estate.
A 300th anniversary celebration of a historic bridge is to be held in the Highlands.
A Russian Mi-28 helicopter has crashed during an air show in Russia, killing one pilot and injuring another.
The BBC will provide up to 24 additional channels to broadcast the London 2012 Olympics.
The hard shoulder on the M6 has been permanently converted into an extra traffic lane.
Police have arrested 19 men at the Rangers v Celtic match at Ibrox.
A hero coach driver helped evacuate schoolchildren when a double-decker bus caught fire on the M6.
Tube drivers are to stage three strikes in January, February and March in a dispute over the introduction of a Night Tube.
Ian Bell has signed a new contract with Warwickshire as he aims to regain his England Test place for the 2017 Ashes series.
Senator Lindsey Graham has told US television he is "running" for president in 2016.
A company which makes bridges and wind turbine towels has proposed closing its Chepstow site with the loss of 330 jobs.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says his players will have to deal with the pressure of a penalty shoot out at Euro 2016.
Venezuelan opposition leader Henrique Capriles has been banned from holding public office for 15 years, he says.
Japan's benchmark Nikkei index has closed up 2% as investors shrugged off a fall in consumer prices.
Warwickshire have signed New Zealand batsman Grant Elliott for the T20 Blast.
David Cameron's cat Larry will outlast him at Number 10, bookmakers have said.
Joe Ledley has been included in Wales' Euro 2016 squad despite missing Crystal Palace's FA Cup final win.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino has extended his contract with the club until 2021.
The Bank of England is planning to introduce a new plastic £5 note.
A campaign has been launched to stop a 25% increase in the cost of a school bus pass for children in rural areas.
Inver House Distillers has secured a £10m loan facility from Bank of Scotland.
Swansea are interested in signing Chievo Verona striker Alberto Paloschi for a fee of about £5m.
Gregor Townsend will take over as Scotland head coach in the summer of 2017.
Dean Harrison set the fastest time during the opening practice session for the 2016 Manx Grand Prix.
Cel Spellman will present the Official Chart Show on Radio 1 from 17:00 BST every Friday.
Nine pupils were taken to hospital after being affected by an unknown substance at a school in south Wales.
A 13-year-old boy who died after being taken to the wrong hospital may have survived, his family has said.
The Labour candidate for a proposed rail freight hub on the HS2 route has said he is not sure he would support the project.
The number of fire deaths in Scotland has fallen to its lowest level for more than 20 years, according to new figures.
The former Ulster GAA secretary, Danny Murphy, has died at the age of 70.
John Robertson has returned to management after a four-year absence to take charge of Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
More than 100 lorry loads of waste have been dumped in the Shropshire countryside.
West Ham have accepted a £25m offer from Marseille for Dimitri Payet, BBC Sport understands.
Former TV-am presenter Mike Morris has died at the age of 69, his family has confirmed.
The roof of the Principality Stadium in Cardiff will be closed for the Champions League final on 3 June.
Water companies have gained £1bn over the past five years, according to a report by the government's spending watchdog.
St Mirren have appointed former Dundee manager Gary Rae as their new boss on a contract until the summer of 2017.
Football pitches in Liverpool are to be transformed as part of a £12m investment.
Professional boxers could compete at the 2016 Olympics in Rio, according to the International Boxing Association (AIBA).
The harvesting of apples in County Armagh is steeped in tradition going back 250 years.
Peaches Geldof and Robin Williams were the most searched-for terms on Bing in the UK in 2014.
Two amateur golfers have scored aces at the same hole during a golf match in odds of 25,000-to-one.
A duke has been banned from driving after racking up 24 points on his licence.
A 16-year-old boy has died after being stabbed at a school in Aberdeen.
Former New Zealand and Tonga international Sione Lauaki has died at the age of 33.
Police investigating a suspected terrorist plot have arrested six people.
Walter Zenga has been sacked as Wolverhampton Wanderers manager after 123 days in charge.
Police in Chicago are investigating an alleged sexual assault on a 15-year-old girl that was streamed live on Facebook.
Police have arrested 15 people worldwide in connection with the Anonymous hacking group.
More than 30 viruses could cause the next major pandemic, according to a study.
A Suffolk couple who won £148m in the lottery are to be revealed at a press conference later.
A union has warned of 50 workers facing redundancy at a quarry in Argyll.
Facebook, Google and Twitter have agreed to remove hate speech from their sites within 24 hours.
Essex have announced their squad for the remainder of the 2017 T20 Blast campaign, with Ryan ten Doeschate ruled out.
The Norton team has signed Michael Dunlop and David Johnson for the 2017 TT races.
An unfinished flats development in Ipswich has been abandoned for three years, the administrators have said.
(Close): The FTSE 100 index ended the day up 1%, with Unilever and Burberry among the big movers.
The UK voted to leave the European Union on 23 June.
A former chairman of three NHS trusts has been jailed for fraudulently claiming he had a doctorate and other qualifications worth £1m.
Paul Di Resta will be Williams' reserve driver for the 2017 Formula 1 season.
The family of a Belfast man murdered 31 years ago have met police in a bid to re-open the case.
A 12-year-old dog has been left with nerve damage after burglars beat her with a weapon.
The winning bidders for the £91m Bristol Arena project have been announced.
Spain's unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level for four years, official figures show.
Principality Building Society has seen profits fall in 2015, but said it was still on track to meet its targets.
A 27-year-old man has been shot in the hand during an incident at a wedding reception in Londonderry.
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff has sold his remaining 100% shareholding in the Williams Formula 1 team.
Former Australia Test opener Phil Hughes has died aged 25 after being hit by a bouncer in a domestic match in Australia.
The conflict in the Middle East and North Africa has left more than 13 million children out of school, a new report says.
Diane Abbott has revealed she has type 2 diabetes and it "went crazy" during the general election campaign.
Boris Johnson has apologised after accidentally flooring a young boy during a promotional event for the 2015 Rugby World Cup.
A realistic 3D-printed model of a human heart has been created in 100 hours.
Two Belgian police officers who helped 13 migrants trying to cross into France have been arrested and questioned.
A baby girl left alone with her grandparents has been orphaned after they drowned in South Africa.
Taking anti-depressants may increase the risk of type 2 diabetes, a study suggests.
The first of 12 new trains to be introduced on the Thameslink network have arrived in the UK.
Sean Lamont says he is close to a 109th cap for Scotland, which would put him second on the all-time list.
The number of Irish people living in the UK has not been this high since 2008, according to the latest figures.
The cost of holiday childcare in Wales has risen by 70% in the past year, according to a new report.
A lawyer who fraudulently claimed to start his journey in London more than 650 times to avoid paying the full fare has been jailed.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, with mining stocks recovering some of their recent losses.
Glamorgan fast bowler Michael Hogan says they will have a "pretty good" chance of beating them in the T20 Blast semi-final on 2
A £10m redevelopment project for Gloucester Cathedral has been given the go-ahead.
Striker Nile Ranger has been released from jail after serving 150 days for committing fraud.
Devon County Council has approved a 4% increase in council tax.
(Close): The S&P 500 index was flat at the close of trading, with the tech-heavy Nasdaq also little changed.
The Northern Ireland Executive is investing £7m in the City of Derry Airport.
The number of households evicted from their homes has reached its highest level for nine years, according to new figures.
New fines for dropping litter will be introduced in 2016, it has been announced.
A historic pear tree set to be felled to make way for the HS2 high-speed rail line has been named the UK's Tree of the Year.
A man who has worked as a lighthouse keeper for 47 years has been named Britain's hardest-working man.
Police in Honduras have found the bodies of 18 boys who were kidnapped in the north of the country.
A man who distributed indecent images of children has been jailed for 12 years.
Jordan Spieth carded a 65 to take a three-shot lead at the SBS Tournament of Champions in Hawaii.
The Raspberry Pi has sold more than 4 million units since its launch, its creators have announced.
Tickets for a four-day concert to mark the Queen's 90th birthday have sold out in less than six hours.
Argentina's Emiliano Grillo carded a seven-under 65 to win the BMW International Open in Munich.
A business group has criticised the Scottish government for not starting improvements on a notorious bend on the A9.
The UK economy had its worst start to a year since 2013, according to a survey by the CBI business group.
The Highland Cinema Festival is celebrating its 120th anniversary with a five-day event in Inverness.
A netball and football coach who has inspired hundreds of girls to take up sport has been named the BBC Wales Unsung Hero 2016.
Aidy Boothroyd has been appointed manager of the England Under-20s on a permanent basis.
The search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 will focus on a new area, officials say.
The official Euro 2016 app is missing Wales from its list of teams.
Hal Robson-Kanu is confident he will be fit for Wales' Euro 2016 campaign.
The death of a 23-year-old British backpacker murdered in Thailand was caused by severe head injuries, an inquest has heard.
Ireland captain Jonathan Sexton is expected to be fit for the Six Nations opener against Scotland on 4 February.
A driving instructor who leaked test details to a friend has been sentenced to 240 hours of community service.
Scotland has hosted the 2014 Homeless World Cup with teams from around the world competing in Glasgow.
Linfield came from behind to beat 10-man Coleraine and move top of the Irish Premiership.
Lowering the voting age to 16 could lead to an increase in sexual abuse, a Labour MP has warned.
The pub made famous by the 1986 film Crocodile Dundee is up for sale.
David Dimbleby will host the BBC's election night results programme on 8 June, the corporation has announced.
A South African girl with progeria, a rare genetic condition that ages the body 10 times faster than normal, has died at the age of 18.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic is taking over Manchester United's Instagram account for 24 hours.
Former Scotland manager Craig Brown believes Wales can surprise some teams at Euro 2016.
The man who is believed to be the first DJ to broadcast on BBC Radio 1 has said he is still loving it 50 years on.
The German Grand Prix is in danger of becoming the latest casualty of Formula 1's relentless churning of venues.
A 20-year-old man has died in a crash involving a coach and a car.
A pottery factory which closed 10 years ago could be turned into homes and studios.
The average annual mileage driven by motorists in Britain has fallen by 14% in the past six years, according to the Department for Transport.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson has signed a new contract with the Championship club until the summer of 2020.
A man has died and eight people were taken to hospital after a fire at a block of flats in Kent.
McLaren have signed British teenager Lando Norris as a test driver for the rest of the season - and say he is "a potential star of the future".
English clubs have been paid millions of pounds from the Euro 2016 tournament after releasing players to their national teams.
The family of a woman murdered 20 years ago have made a fresh appeal for information.
A 16-year-old high school football player in Kansas has died after collapsing during a game.
Drug-taking in Scottish sport goes back at least 20 years, according to a former sprinter who took steroids.
The jobs of 183 people are at risk after a reorganisation of an RAF base in Cambridgeshire.
A wedding dress which went missing for four months has been found in a shop which closed down.
A former soldier from Fiji who has lived in Pembrokeshire for more than 10 years has been told to leave the country.
Rugby club Wasps has raised £10m through the sale of bonds to supporters.
Six-time major winner Nick Faldo has expressed his interest in competing in the 2017 Irish Open at Lough Erne.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says they will face "good teams" in their 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign with Austria.
Karim Benzema's partial lifting of a ban could allow the Real Madrid forward to be selected for Euro 2016.
The Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI) has launched a campaign to reduce the number of people who died around Scotland's coastline last year.
A pedestrian who was struck by a lorry on the A27 has died, police have said.
Channel 4 has stopped broadcasting its full-length shows on YouTube.
A Royal Navy ship is heading to the Mediterranean to rescue up to 100 migrants.
The 2014 Commonwealth Games are being described as the biggest and best yet.
Crime writer Ruth Rendell has died at the age of 85, her publisher has announced.
Police overtime spending in Wales has risen by 42% in the last year, according to figures obtained by BBC Radio 5 Live.
Roy Hodgson has named his 23-man England squad for Euro 2016.
Ian Baraclough has been appointed as the new Northern Ireland Under-21 manager.
The potential buyer of UTV's TV business is STV, the Scottish broadcaster.
Police have reopened the investigation into the murder of a woman in north Belfast 29 years ago.
A couple who were married for 65 years have died within hours of each other in a California hospital.
Jade Jones says she is in a "great place" to defend her London 2012 title at Rio 2016.
The number of GPs in Northern Ireland has fallen by 4% over the past decade, according to a new survey.
Marks and Spencer chief executive Marc Bolland has been paid a total pay package of £5.5m, including a bonus of £596,000
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed at a new record high, helped by mining shares and a rise in commodity prices.
Adam Peaty won gold in the men's 100m breaststroke at the European Aquatics Championships in London.
Tributes have been paid to former Dundee United defender Frank Kopel who has died at the age of 65.
Phil Taylor won the World Matchplay for the seventh time with a comfortable victory over James Wade in Blackpool on Saturday.
Microsoft has been forced to modify a pop-up that it was using to force users to upgrade to Windows 10.
Harlequins have signed Wales and British & Irish Lions centre Jamie Roberts on a three-year contract.
The founder of the file-sharing site Megaupload, which was shut down in 2012, has said he will relaunch it.
A murder investigation has been launched after the body of a 13-year-old girl was found dead.
Hibernian will begin their Scottish Championship campaign against Falkirk on 6 August.
The first Action Man figure was created 50 years ago and fans have been celebrating his legacy.
Banksy's latest work in Bristol has been vandalised just days after it appeared.
The Nigerian army says that more than 260 Boko Haram fighters have surrendered to its forces in the past 48 hours.
More than 400 people have applied for loans to fund their apprenticeships, according to official figures.
Coventry City moved closer to securing their League One status with a 1-0 win over 10-man Bradford City.
Snap parliamentary elections will be held in Turkey on 1 November, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has announced.
A polymer £5 note has been shortlisted for the Bank Note of the Year award.
Worcestershire have been dealt a blow in their bid to win the County Championship One-Day Cup as they search for a replacement for John Hastings.
West Ham are still hopeful of signing Sporting Lisbon midfielder Joao Mario for a fee of £40m.
The number of incidents of fly-tipping in England has risen by 32% in a year, according to official figures.
More than 20 Bank of Scotland branches are to close, the bank has announced.
Grand Theft Auto 5 has been named the best game of 2013 at the Golden Joystick Awards.
A Romanian man who survived a 1,000 mile flight in the wheel well of a plane has been freed by police.
A US judge has rejected a request by BP to suspend payments from a fund set up to compensate victims of the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill.
A memorial to the 30 Britons killed in a Tunisian beach attack will be built in Birmingham.
The Mystery Plays are to return to York Minster for the first time in 16 years.
A Japanese spacecraft that cost more than £250m has provided new insights into galaxy clusters before it was lost.
Apple has offered to publish a clarification on its website after being accused of falsely advertising the latest model of the iPad 4.
(Close): The S&P 500 index was flat at the close of trading, after revised US growth figures failed to impress.
Police in Trieste, Italy, have found 781 shotguns on a ferry destined for Belgium.
Thousands of people have gathered at a Nazi concentration camp in Germany to mark the 70th anniversary of its liberation.
More than 120 environmental activists were killed last year, according to a new report.
Islamic State (IS) militants have killed at least 42 people in an attack on two villages in central Syria, activists say.
A 14-year-old boy has died after sustaining a head injury during a rugby league match.
Cranes have bred in the West of England for the first time in 400 years.
Chapecoense have won their first game since 71 people were killed in a plane crash involving the Brazilian club.
A couple who lost three children in the 2014 Malaysia Airlines flight shot down over Ukraine have welcomed a new baby girl.
The Thai army says it has detained 124 people for questioning since seizing power last week.
Spider-Man is finally joining the Marvel Cinematic Universe, which has 11 films so far.
Almost 7,000 people identified as potential victims of child sexual exploitation in Leicestershire were not abused, a report has concluded.
The families of 21 people who died in the Birmingham pub bombings are hoping inquests into their deaths will resume.
The Mayor of London has paid tribute to the victims of the 12th anniversary of the London bombings.
Up to 100 people have been left homeless after a fire at a tower block in west London.
The traditional lattice pylon has been in service for 90 years.
A biscuit factory in Wirral is to close with the loss of 342 jobs.
A tidal power project in Lancashire could cost £100m, it has been revealed.
Two bomb attacks in south-east Turkey have killed at least six people and wounded hundreds more.
The UK's largest building society, Nationwide, has reported a 30% increase in profits for the first half of the year.
The US music mogul Lou Pearlman, who managed boy bands including the Backstreet Boys and NSync, has died aged 62.
More than 20 British soldiers are being investigated over the treatment of two Iraqi men, the BBC has learned.
A merger of Standard Life and Aberdeen Asset Management will result in the loss of 800 jobs.
The Ospreys rugby team has made a profit for the first time in 2015.
Police have made 16 arrests during a protest in London which saw people lie down on the floor of a shopping centre.
More than 65% of emergency calls were answered within the target time, according to the latest figures.
Exeter's Geoff Parling has signed with Super Rugby side Melbourne Rebels for the 2018 season.
The husband of a mother and daughter who died in a crash on the M9 has died in hospital.
Bus drivers in West and North Yorkshire are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay.
The general election on 7 May will be one of the most unpredictable in decades.
A power station which has been in operation for 47 years has closed its doors for the final time.
Singapore has reported its biggest cluster of people infected with the Zika virus, with 41 people now carrying the virus.
The funeral of one of 11 people who died in a helicopter crash off Norway in April is to take place in Aberdeenshire.
The Mexican government has agreed to relaunch the search for 43 students who disappeared in Guerrero state.
The closure of a medical technology firm has led to the loss of 40 jobs.
Centre Jonathan Joseph and wing Anthony Watson have signed contract extensions with Bath until 2018.
A suicide attacker has killed seven people near a US military base in Afghanistan, officials say.
A Lanarkshire musician has died after falling into a river.
Fans are being asked to provide proof of attendance at Northern Ireland games during the Euro 2016 qualifying campaign.
Former Uefa president Michel Platini and Jerome Champagne both withdrew from the Fifa presidential election on 29 May.
Taylor Swift has said she is withholding her new album 1989 from Apple Music because of the way the company pays artists.
Renewable electricity generation in Scotland increased by 45% in the first three months of the year, according to new figures.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended slightly higher as Lloyds Banking Group shares recovered some of their earlier losses.
Chinese football clubs are considering imposing a 100% tax on the sale of players to foreign clubs.
Serbia has arrested 50 people on suspicion of corruption, including a former minister and a senior opposition politician.
New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum has smashed the record for the fastest Test century, taking just 54 balls to score his ton.
Michael Dunlop has continued his preparations for the Lightweight 125 TT race with a series of fast laps.
The BBC has extended its broadcast rights deal for the ATP World Tour Finals for a further 10 years.
Plans for a £100m expansion of Buckinghamshire's Pinewood Studios have been approved by the government.
The World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) has warned athletes to avoid taking the drug meldonium, which was added to its banned list in 201
Shares in Ted Baker have risen more than 10% after the fashion chain reported strong half-year results.
A man has been jailed for at least 25 years after killing a cyclist with his car in a "premeditated, deliberate murder".
Glastonbury Festival will return to its traditional home in 2019, it has been confirmed.
Clashes between Myanmar's army and ethnic rebels have killed at least 30 people, officials say.
Former Wales fly-half Rhys Priestland has ended his two-year sabbatical and will return to Bath in the summer.
British Olympian Dr Ron Hill has celebrated 50 years of running every day with a parkrun.
Europe or Great Britain and Ireland retained the 44th Curtis Cup by beating the United States.
Scientists have created a 3D reconstruction of a human brain that is 1,000 times smaller than the original.
Wolverhampton Wanderers striker Nouha Dicko has signed a two-year contract extension with the Championship club.
A 14-year-old girl who was killed in the Manchester Arena attack was a student at an all-girls school in Leeds.
A campaign to save a 16th Century historic hall has been launched after a fire ripped through the building.
More than 150 countries in West Africa have been asked to work together to combat the Ebola outbreak.
The Glenanne gang murders inquiry has been adjourned until June.
The Philippines has held a memorial service for 44 police officers killed in a clash with Muslim rebels.
Boston has launched a bid to host the 2024 Summer Olympics.
Apple has reported its first fall in annual iPhone sales, sending its share price down 2%.
A new power cable linking Scotland and Norway is a step closer to reality after being given the go-ahead by energy regulators.
The Mancunian Way will remain closed for up to 10 days after the collapse.
The Bank of Scotland has issued a new £10 polymer note featuring a steam train crossing the Glenfinnan Viaduct.
About 2 million disabled people in the UK have never used the internet, according to official figures.
More than 20 students were sent home from lessons at a school in south Wales for failing to wear the correct uniform.
A boy who stabbed a 15-year-old boy to death outside his school has been found guilty of his murder.
F1 boss Ross Brawn has been hired as a consultant for the 2017 season by Mercedes.
The pay of top bosses has risen 100% more than average wages over the past five years, according to a union body.
Wales will not support a British football team at the 2020 Olympics, manager Chris Coleman has said.
The US soldier who leaked classified information to Wikileaks has thanked Barack Obama for cutting her 35-year prison sentence in half.
Actor Stephen Fry has launched a campaign to save buildings in Soho from being demolished for a planned Crossrail 2 station.
Spike Lee and Werner Herzog will premiere their films at the 31st Sundance Film Festival.
The number of home loans reached its highest level since 2008 last year, according to the Council of Mortgage Lenders.
WhatsApp users in Brazil have been left wondering what to do with themselves after the messaging service was suspended for 48 hours.
Cricket Scotland have won the International Cricket Council's (ICC) Development Programme Award for 2014.
French club Olympique Lyonnais have apologised after some fans displayed banners with sexist messages during a Women's World Cup match.
Australia's Test series against India will now start on 17 December, with the first match moved from Brisbane to Adelaide.
Police have charged two men over child sexual abuse within football after receiving 130 separate reports.
Motherwell's next manager will be appointed on 10 October, BBC Scotland understands.
At least 700 migrants have died when their boat sank off the coast of Libya, Italian and Libyan officials say.
Keith Earls will be available for Ireland's match against New Zealand in Chicago on 5 November.
A fresh search has begun in County Donegal for a girl who went missing 34 years ago.
Sharp has announced a 4K display for smartphones, marking the first time the ultra-high definition format has been used in a handset.
Liverpool have signed defenders Dejan Lovren and Tiago Ilori for a combined fee of around £27m.
Two Pembrokeshire harbour masters left early or arrived late more than 100 times, a court has heard.
A couple have revealed they are planning to buy a new car after winning £1m in the lottery.
The 2016 Euro football final was the most-watched TV event in the UK, according to overnight ratings.
The death toll from the collapse of a garment factory in Bangladesh has risen to 610, police say.
East Midlands Ambulance Service (EMAS) is overspending by £9m, it has been revealed.
Australian police have arrested a 22-year-old man at Sydney Airport as he was about to board a flight to Turkey.
A nature reserve home to about 100 red squirrels could be threatened by a new housing estate, campaigners have warned.
A cargo plane has crashed in South Sudan, killing 10 people from the country and the six crew members.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a teenager 30 years ago.
Lando Norris will be McLaren's F1 test and development driver in 2017.
An investigation has been launched after an elderly person died and 18 others were evacuated from a care home following a fire.
A group of railway workers came close to being hit by a 125mph train, a report has said.
Nyquist became the first horse to win the Kentucky Derby for a second time for trainer Doug O'Neill.
A 12-year-old boy has died at the World Scout Jamboree in Finland.
Shares in DFS Furniture plunged 28% after it warned of a slowdown in sales.
Former world heavyweight champion Michael "Bruno" Watson, 57, says he wants to return to the ring.
West Brom are close to agreeing a £15m fee to sign Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho.
US comedian and civil rights activist Dick Gregory has died at the age of 84.
Swiss voters have rejected a proposal to limit pay to 200 times the lowest wage in the country.
A plane aborted its landing at Manchester Airport on Sunday due to high winds.
A pharmacist who gave a 67-year-old woman the wrong medication has been given a suspended jail sentence.
Peter Trego has called for social media abuse to be "stamped out" after receiving an abusive message during a T20 Blast match.
Former England captain Michael Vaughan believes Kevin Pietersen should be recalled for the World Twenty20.
The 30th anniversary of the Falklands conflict is being commemorated in Hull.
A motorcyclist who caused the death of a teenager has been jailed for 12 months.
The son of Brazilian football legend Pele has been sentenced to 14 years jail for money laundering.
Indian security forces say they have killed 18 Maoist rebels in a clash in the restive state of Chhattisgarh.
England and Leicester hooker Tom Youngs has expressed concerns about the new end date of the domestic season in June.
Queen's University Belfast (QUB) has been ranked as the top university in the UK in the 2015 table of global rankings.
Police are to review the murder of a man in Gloucestershire 25 years ago.
A Bangladesh bowler conceded 76 runs in a single over as his side were thrashed by a lower-league rival.
Crime on Wales' rail network has fallen by 11% in the past year, according to figures from the British Transport Police.
The Thames Barrier has broken its own record for the most times it has closed in a year.
Commuters will receive a "free week" of travel on ScotRail services from 2 January, the Scottish government has announced.
Little Britain star Matt Lucas will reprise his role in Doctor Who when the show returns for series 10.
France defender Raphael Varane will miss the start of Euro 2016 after injuring a hamstring in Real Madrid's Champions League semi-final
Elderly patients who wait more than a day for surgery after breaking a hip have a higher risk of death, a study has found.
Ebbsfleet United's 13-game unbeaten run came to an end as they were held by Maidenhead United.
A serial rapist who terrorised three partners over 17 years has been jailed for five years.
Police drove at 70mph to kill a dog that was running loose on a dual carriageway, a review has found.
Nottingham Forest striker Ben Brereton has signed a new contract with the Championship club until 2020, with a further 24-month option.
Australian Olympic legend Betty Cuthbert has died at the age of 79.
About 1,000 Bolivian soldiers who refused to return to their barracks after being ordered to do so have been arrested.
(Close): Shares in Capita were down another 17% on Friday, after the outsourcing group issued its second profit warning in three months.
A colony of 50 water voles is being released into the Yorkshire Dales.
Northampton Saints have announced that England Under-20 fly-half Harry Mallinder has signed a new contract, along with nine team-mates.
Roger Federer has extended his contract to play at the Swiss Indoors in Basel until 2019.
Welsh actress Dedee Davies has died at the age of 72, her agents have confirmed.
A councillor has called for an investigation into whether tap water in the Highlands is linked to skin complaints after 100 households complained about the taste.
Disney has agreed to sell its film studio Miramax to private equity firm Filmyard Holdings for £500m.
World Superbike champion Jonathan Rea secured his third consecutive victory in the opening race of the 2017 season in Australia.
The number of visitors to Northern Ireland increased in 2015, according to new figures.
A military investigation team has dropped more than 50 Iraq abuse cases, the Ministry of Defence has said.
Cancers caused by the human papilloma virus (HPV) could be eliminated worldwide within 40 years, a leading Australian researcher says.
A £10m government grant has been allocated to protect the Ironbridge Gorge in Shropshire.
Just over a third of babies in Scotland are being breastfed at the age of six to eight weeks, according to new figures.
Team guides for the 2015 World Cup, which starts on 14 February.
Scotland flanker Alasdair Strokosch has announced his retirement from international rugby after 10 years with the Scotland squad.
Council tax is set to rise by 3% in Stoke-on-Trent.
Adam "Ad-Rock" Horovitz, the replacement for the late Adam "MCA" Yauch in the Beastie Boys, has died aged 5
Four Kazakh weightlifters have been stripped of their medals from the 2012 London Olympics after retesting of samples.
Brazilian prosecutors have charged 11 people with qualified homicide over the Samarco mine disaster that killed 19 people.
British Summer Time (BST) will start earlier in 2016, because the clocks will be put forward an hour.
A fresh search has begun for a man who went missing 25 years ago.
New EU data protection rules will come into force in 2018, after the European Parliament approved the final draft of the policy.
Flybe shares fell as much as 10% after the regional airline reported a loss for the second year in a row.
A well-known figure in the music scene has gone missing, police have said.
Transphobic hate crimes in London have risen by 25% in the past year, according to Met Police figures.
British dressage stars Carl Hester and Charlotte Dujardin are aiming to defend their Olympic title in Rio 2016.
Just 100 parking tickets were issued in Hawick over the past year, according to new figures.
Libya's eastern authorities have lifted a 10-day travel ban on women, which had sparked outrage.
German sprinter Marcel Kittel has been forced to abandon the Tour de France on stage 17 after injuring himself in a crash.
Former South Africa coach Ottis Gibson has been appointed as interim coach for the forthcoming T20 series against Pakistan.
Comedian Jim Davidson has been awarded £5,000 in costs after being cleared of historical sex offences.
The Rio 2016 Olympics medals have been unveiled, with the gold, silver and bronze versions revealed.
A school founded in the 18th Century is to close after a long-running battle with the local authority.
A global customer service company is creating 500 new jobs in Fermanagh.
Tyrone manager Mickey Harte has confirmed that he will be in negotiations with the county about a new contract for 2018.
Chelsea have signed Leicester City midfielder Danny Drinkwater for a fee of about £30m.
The number of children in north Wales sending naked or indecent images of themselves has risen by 350% in three years.
Girls start to develop anxiety about mathematics at the age of 14, a study has suggested.
About 1,000 women employed by North Lanarkshire Council are set to receive equal pay awards.
Inter Milan have sacked manager Frank de Boer after just 85 days in charge.
Mickey Rourke has returned to the ring for the first time in 16 years, winning a professional boxing match in Las Vegas.
Labour has lost the Gower constituency to the Conservatives for the first time in 99 years.
A report into the £40m flood damage in Cockermouth has been published.
Variable speed limits will be introduced on the M4 in Newport from Monday.
An art exhibition is being held to mark the 30th anniversary of the miners' strike.
UK car production has fallen for the first time in 10 years in October, according to the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders.
Shares in Airbus have jumped 5% following an announcement of a share buyback and increased production of its A320 aircraft.
Plymouth Argyle chairman James Brent says the club is "back on track" after raising £10m to complete a move to a new stadium.
Police are investigating 10 suspect ballot papers found in Glasgow.
The Lord Mayor of London, Jeffrey Mountevans, will lead the 800th Lord Mayor's Show through the streets of the capital.
The NHS is to investigate the collapse of a partnership that won an £800m five-year contract.
Carole King will headline the British Summertime Hyde Park concert on 3 July.
BBC Radio 1 is launching its own channel on BBC iPlayer.
Unemployment claims in Northern Ireland have fallen for the first time in 28 months.
Glasgow Warriors full-back Peter Murchie has signed a new contract with the club until 2017.
The new £40m headquarters for S4C in Carmarthenshire will be "a catalyst for growth" in the area, the university has said.
Chinese police have arrested 100 people in connection with the illegal excavation and sale of ancient artefacts.
Scientists have discovered an unusual hormone in the venom of the platypus after 10 years of research.
Bristol City have signed Republic of Ireland winger Callum O'Dowda from Oxford United for an initial fee of £1m.
Former US President Jimmy Carter's visit to Newcastle 40 years ago is being remembered.
London's new mayor Sadiq Khan will deliver a fares freeze on the capital's transport network for two years.
Chris Ashton will begin a 10-week suspension for gouging on 6 February, the Rugby Football Union has confirmed.
The A14 is to be upgraded and a toll imposed on it, the government has announced.
Woking extended their winless run to five games with a draw against Gateshead.
Police have renewed their appeal for information about a teenager who went missing 10 years ago.
Liverpool have rejected a new £114m bid from Barcelona for Philippe Coutinho.
A coin designed by an Anglican bishop is to be the last £1 coin to be struck by the Royal Mint.
Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure has been named BBC Africa Footballer of the Year 2015.
The last prison officers have left HMP Kingston, which has been in operation for 150 years, before its closure.
At least 20 people have been killed in an accident involving a lorry in the Central African Republic, officials say.
A man who led a gang involved in a series of gangland shootings in the West Midlands has been jailed for 18 years.
Former Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone, 80, has been indicted by a German court on bribery charges.
St Helens will face Catalans Dragons in the Super 8s on 27 August, the French club have announced.
Sally Conway won +78kg bronze at the Rio Olympics to become the first British woman to win an Olympic judo medal.
A teacher who was suspended after telling a pupil she did not agree with same sex relationships has been awarded £10,000 in a settlement.
Boeing has reported a 25% increase in third-quarter profits, helped by strong demand for its 737 and 787 Dreamliner
Australia were bowled out for 137 by South Africa on the first day of the second Test in Hobart.
The creator of the Carry On films, Norman Hudis, has died aged 93.
The new logo for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics has been unveiled after a lengthy and controversial design process.
At least 20 people have been killed in an attack on a hotel in the Somali capital, Mogadishu.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering two women in Hong Kong.
Farmers in China have created a 3D rice paddy art masterpiece for the 20th year.
A cessation of hostilities in Syria is set to begin on 25 February, the UN says.
A 17-year-old girl has become the first female volunteer with the Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI).
The first Japanese birch trees to be grown from seed in 100 years have been planted at a pinetum in Kent.
The leaders of Wales' four main political parties have set out their stalls for the assembly elections on 5 May.
St Johnstone boss Tommy Wright says his side are having a good season despite their 10-man win over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Pro Rugby America has threatened to sue the Pro12 over expansion plans.
The York Minster Police has had its powers restored for the first time in 88 years.
A public inquiry has begun into plans to demolish and rebuild 280 terraced houses in Liverpool.
Tyler Alexander, a key figure in the early days of McLaren, has died at the age of 79.
A former Thai army general has been sentenced to 94 years in jail for human trafficking.
A man has had a kidney transplant from a friend of 20 years after his own failed.
About 100 people have attended an event to remember a murdered pregnant teenager.
Wales lock Luke Charteris has been ruled out of Racing 92's match on Saturday, 14 March.
A man who murdered a soldier in a "sustained attack" has been jailed for 18 years.
Singer and musician Jamie Cullum is to host a new jazz show on BBC Radio 3.
The history of the Hoppings funfair, which has been held on Newcastle's Town Moor for more than 135 years, is to be explored
At least 10 people have been killed in a suicide attack in the Afghan capital, Kabul, officials say.
A new free trade area involving 26 countries is being launched in Egypt.
A Cornish MP has put his name to an amendment to a bill in the House of Commons which could delay a planned VAT rise from 4 January.
BT has paid £300m to settle legal claims related to its acquisition of mobile operator EE.
A silent documentary film made 90 years ago is to be screened with a live beatboxed score.
Saudi Arabia has ordered 200 black taxis from the London Taxi Company.
The 145th World Expo has opened in Milan, Italy, with a ceremony attended by the Pope.
South Korea's spy agency tried to influence the 2012 presidential election, an internal inquiry has found.
The Royal Regiment of Scotland has marked its 10th anniversary with a parade through the streets of Edinburgh.
Kate Winslet was nominated for an Oscar for her role in Steve Jobs in 2016.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has announced it is to close 35 branches in Scotland.
Tributes have been paid to British author and poet Helen Dunmore, who has died aged 65 after a short illness.
Police investigating the murder of a 58-year-old man in a County Antrim village have renewed their appeal for information.
A ban on haggis imports to the US has been in place for 43 years - but that could be about to change.
Seeing in 3D with just one eye is possible, according to new research.
Sebastian Vettel has signed a new contract with Ferrari to keep him at the team until the end of 2020.
The government is investing £16m in five new railway stations, the Department for Transport has announced.
The leader of Swansea council has said he is confident the £500m regeneration project for the city's waterfront will go ahead.
A 24-hour Tube strike by the TSSA union is to go ahead next month, the union has said.
Plans for a £5m railway station and park and ride facility in Ceredigion have been unveiled.
A Norfolk-based marine services company has been sold for £100m.
Southampton have signed Chelsea midfielder Oriol Romeu for £12m on a five-year deal.
The first year of the government's contracting out of probation services to 21 private and voluntary sector companies has been described as "challenging".
Manchester United have signed Anthony Martial for £36m for a reason - and it is not just his goalscoring ability.
Villagers are marking the 950th anniversary of a battle which helped decide the fate of England.
The first gas has been produced from a North Sea gas field discovered 40 years ago.
Scientists in Peru have used 3D technology to reconstruct the face of an ancient Peruvian woman who lived 3,400 years ago.
The Republic of Ireland's 32 counties have been given pun names by a Northern Ireland man.
Welsh cyclist Becky James has announced her retirement from the sport at the age of 27.
Daniel Ricciardo has committed to staying with Red Bull for 2017.
NHS trusts will be limited to spending 55% more on agency staff than it costs to employ a member of staff.
Peregrine falcons have nested on a building in Ipswich for the first time in 20 years.
Mobile phone company Vodafone has rejected a £10m sponsorship deal for the London Stadium.
The government is to begin the process of implementing £37bn of spending cuts over the next five years.
A 700-year-old walled garden in Denbighshire is set to be restored.
Plans for a £100m extension to a Sheffield shopping centre have been submitted.
Former Cabinet Office minister Francis Maude will not stand for re-election at the 2020 general election.
At least 15 people have been killed in a fire caused by the explosion of a fuel tanker in north-west Pakistan, officials say.
A grandmother who had Christmas presents stolen from her home has been given £930 to replace them.
The Scottish Conservatives have pledged to spend £100m on Scotland's colleges if they win the election in May.
A man who has lived for 30 years with a transplanted heart and lungs has been recognised as a world record holder.
French police are investigating a hack on TV5 Monde station on 9 April, which saw jihadist propaganda broadcast on the air.
Currys PC World has been told to stop advertising that the Euro 2016 football championship was available in 4K.
About 80 jobs are to be cut at a Bernard Matthews factory in Lincolnshire.
The DJ Ken O'Grady has dedicated his BBC Radio 2 Sunday show to Cilla Black.
Women over 30 are at risk of heart disease because of lack of exercise, a study suggests.
A 20-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of a teenager in Porthcawl.
Sheffield City Council's deputy leader is to step down after 25 months in the role.
A £30m redevelopment of Exeter's bus station and surrounding area has been given the go-ahead.
Poachers have killed 10 elephants in Kenya, the government says, in what it calls the worst case of ivory poaching in the country.
Greek lawmakers have approved a 2016 budget that includes deep spending cuts and tax increases.
Katarina Johnson-Thompson has revealed she is aiming to compete in the heptathlon at the London Olympics.
A 15-year-old girl has been arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with the stabbing of a man in Basildon.
Lincolnshire Police has confirmed it plans to sell its headquarters in Lincoln in 2019.
A hospital trust has apologised after 850 patients received the wrong information leaflets about cancer symptoms.
The drummer for The Specials, John Bradbury, has died at the age of 62.
Japan's oldest professional footballer Yuki Miura has signed a new contract with Yokohama FC until he is 50.
Northern Ireland's health service is to get £200m to tackle waiting lists and bed blocking.
A judge has ruled that a decision to refuse planning permission for 1,000 homes was "fatally inconsistent".
Cyclist Martyn Irvine has been named BBC Northern Ireland's Sports Personality of the Year 2013.
A suicide attack on a military base in south-east Turkey has left at least five people injured, officials say.
A public inquiry has begun into a development plan for 450 homes in Kent.
The experiences of people aged 65 and over in residential care are to be investigated by the Older People's Commissioner for Wales.
A debate on the future of S4C took place on 14 March, the broadcaster has confirmed.
A tunnel at Glasgow Queen Street Station is to close for 11 months as part of a major upgrade project.
Australia has turned back 46 Vietnamese asylum seekers who were trying to reach the country by boat.
Marc Marquez won the San Marino MotoGP to extend his lead at the top of the championship standings.
Red Bull have admitted they are in talks with Mercedes about switching to the German team's engines in 2016.
The Vunipola brothers will make their first appearance for England at the World Cup in Japan this autumn - 17 years after they started their rugby careers at a junior club
The world's oldest person, an Italian woman who was born in the 1800s, has died aged 117.
Racing 92 are the best team in the European Champions Cup, according to Scarlets hooker Ken Owens.
Councils are to be given £250m to return to weekly bin collections, the government has announced.
Sir Christopher Lee has announced he is releasing a new album in 2014, entitled Metal Knight.
More than 100 children with Type 1 diabetes were admitted to hospital in Wales over the past five years, according to new research.
A school swimming lesson which left a girl brain damaged 15 years ago was not properly supervised, a judge has ruled.
Chelsea manager Guus Hiddink has trimmed his squad to include only 25 players for the second half of the season.
Forty horses will run in the Grand National at Aintree on Saturday.
Actor Geoffrey Hughes, best known for his role in Coronation Street, has died aged 61.
The number of women being diagnosed with lung cancer has risen by more than 100% over the past 35 years, according to new figures.
Fuel prices have risen at their fastest rate for 10 months, according to the RAC.
Lancashire moved up to second in the County Championship with a comfortable innings victory over Hampshire.
A man floating in the water prompted a 30-strong emergency services response - but turned out to be a sculpture.
Solihull Moors held on to beat Bromley and finish the National League season with 10 men.
The remains of 18 Quakers have been found in a mass grave in Brighton.
Paramedics had to shock a man's heart 17 times to save his life.
One person has been taken to hospital after a crash involving a petrol tanker on the M4.
An 11-year-old girl who was burgled has written a letter to the thieves who took her birthday presents.
A vitamin B3 could help fight infections caused by Staphylococcus bacteria, US researchers say.
Suffolk's fire service needs to save £1m over the next four years, it has been announced.
More than 1,000 babies were born addicted to drugs in England over the past five years, figures have revealed.
Former Leinster and Clermont Auvergne forwards coach Jono Gibbes will take over as head coach of Ulster from the start of 20
Great Britain's Ros Canter won individual gold in the eventing at the Rio Olympics.
David Warner hit a rapid century as Australia declared on 176-2 on day four of the Test against the West Indies.
A charity has come up with a new way to protect communities from unwanted attention from Channel 4.
The House of Lords will debate the Brexit bill on 13 June, but there is no sign of a repeat of the cross-party alliance that helped inflict defe
New Zealander Joseph Parker will fight for the WBO heavyweight title against Mexico's Luis Ortiz on 1 April.
At least 69 Jewish community centres in the US have received bomb threats in the past month, according to the JCC Association of North America.
The bodies of 43 students who went missing in Guerrero state were not incinerated, a human rights watchdog has said.
A housing project in the Cairngorms National Park has been refused planning permission after 10 years in the planning process.
Police have arrested 56 people after stabbings in Colchester town centre.
Sergio Perez has signed a new contract to remain with Force India for the 2017 season.
A 15-year-old girl has died after falling into the sea in North Tyneside.
The number of incidents of dogs worrying livestock in Scotland has risen by 55%, according to Police Scotland.
Lord Avebury, the Liberal Democrat peer and former MP, has died at the age of 89.
Ivan Reitman, who directed the original Ghostbusters, has said he plans to make 10 Ghostbusters films.
A man has admitted murdering a 23-year-old woman in a hotel room.
(Close): The S&P 500 index closed above 2,300 for the first time, as investors cheered President Donald Trump's latest executive
A £5 coin is being minted to mark Prince George's first birthday.
The chief constable of Northumbria Police is retiring after 30 years in the force.
A vigil has been held in Cardiff to remember the 17 people killed in the Paris terror attacks.
Northern Ireland was ahead of the rest of the UK in introducing the plastic £5 note.
A suspected tobacco factory in Birmingham has been shut down after the arrest of 10 people.
ITV has commissioned a further 18 episodes of Downton Abbey, it has been announced.
A photography exhibition featuring the winning images from a 24-hour competition in Bristol has opened.
The Burrell Collection in Glasgow will reopen in 2020 after a £66m revamp.
Salmon have returned to a beck in the Lake District for the first time in about 50 years, the RSPB has said.
The British conductor and musicologist Christopher Hogwood has died at the age of 73.
Airbus has announced a further reduction in production of its A380 super-jumbo.
A £15m fund to boost the cultural and technological sectors in the north of England has been announced.
The annual rate of house price inflation in the UK has reached its highest level since August 2007.
Teaching assistants in County Durham have voted to strike in a dispute over plans to change their contracts.
A Singapore museum is to return a sculpture to India after it was discovered the artwork was stolen from a temple in 2000.
Police in Pennsylvania are searching for a driver who shot and killed a 17-year-old girl who was merging lanes on a highway.
The inquest into the deaths of 11 men in the Shoreham air crash will not begin until late 2017 at the earliest.
The Irish Open will be held at Ballyliffin Golf Club in County Donegal in 2018.
A school has been forced to close after more than 20 pupils were struck down by a vomiting bug.
A private radio station which has been broadcasting to Zimbabwe for 15 years is to cease broadcasts.
Pakistan have been cleared to play in the World Twenty20 tournament in India in March.
Former Peterborough United manager Barry Fry has announced the death of his former boss, Barry Turner, at the age of 67.
One of Australia's most prominent art historians, Dr Betty Churcher, has died aged 86.
More than 50 prisoners have escaped from a prison in Papua New Guinea, officials say.
Mexican actor Ruben Aguirre, best known for his role in the children's TV series El Chavo del Ocho, has died aged 75
Irish police have begun a search for a man who disappeared 16 years ago.
The controversial double points rule in Formula 1 is to be scrapped after just one season.
Australian swimming boss Bill Scott has resigned following a performance review of the sport at the 2012 London Olympics.
(Close): Shares in Morrisons dropped 10% on the London stock market after the supermarket chain reported a fall in sales.
Triple J has banned Taylor Swift's song from its Hottest 100 list.
Renault could pull out of Formula 1, the company's chairman and chief executive has said.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower on Wednesday, with shares in pharmaceutical companies among the biggest fallers.
BBC Three will no longer be the UK home of Family Guy, the channel has announced.
Sir Paul McCartney and his wife Nancy Shevell top the 2015 Sunday Times Rich List of musicians.
Former drug smuggler Howard Marks has died at the age of 70.
A fire that engulfed a bus carrying German tourists has killed 18 people, police say.
Israeli authorities have postponed a vote to approve 492 new homes in East Jerusalem, amid a row with the US over settlements.
A 16-year-old boy who admitted raping three girls has been given a three-year extended sentence.
A soldier who was awarded medals for his service during World War Two has had them stolen from his home.
Eugene, Oregon, has defended its right to host the 2021 World Athletics Championships.
Traudl Junge, Adolf Hitler's secretary, has died aged 106.
At least 30 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, officials say.
England's mixed doubles pair Chris and Gabby Adcock are targeting a world medal in Glasgow - where England last won in 2014.
Russia has detained 10 people in connection with the Aum Shinrikyo cult, which carried out a deadly sarin attack in Japan.
Germans should retire at 69, the German central bank has suggested.
Police in North Dakota have arrested 141 people at a protest site against the Dakota Access Pipeline.
A man who tried to rape a woman in a Canterbury park has been jailed for 12 years.
Players will suffer "serious detriment" if the Premiership season is extended by two months, the Rugby Players' Association has warned.
A series of vandalism incidents which saw at least 30 cars damaged in Edinburgh overnight have been linked by police.
A bike hire scheme which has been in operation for just five years is to be scrapped.
A 51-year-old man has appeared in court charged with the murder of his sister.
Online supermarket Ocado has reported its first annual profit in six years.
Chris Gunter says Wales have underachieved in the past and are determined to end their 57-year wait for a major tournament at Euro 201
Lewis Hamilton has vowed to win the next race in China after a poor start to the new Formula 1 season.
A new research centre has been awarded £10m in European funding to develop renewable energy technology.
Police have arrested a 40-year-old man on suspicion of terror offences in Crawley, West Sussex.
A former butcher who sexually abused a young girl has been jailed for 15 years.
The Collins Dictionary has chosen "binge-watch" as its word of the year for 2015.
Great Britain have named a 40-strong squad for the World Rowing Championships in Sarasota-Bradenton, Florida.
A team of aviation enthusiasts and archaeologists have unearthed the remains of a Spitfire that crashed in County Monaghan 75 years ago.
President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong to mark the 20th anniversary of the city's handover to China.
Suicide bombings in Syria have killed at least 120 people, officials say.
Welsh councils have lost more than £1m in income due to a slump in the recycling market.
Hampshire all-rounder Gareth Berg has been called up as cover for England's T20 series against Sri Lanka.
The £18bn Hinkley Point nuclear power project has been formally signed off by the UK and French governments.
The number of calls to a helpline for serving members of the armed forces has risen by 87% in a year, a charity has said.
A soldier is being assessed for PTSD after an incident in Afghanistan more than 10 years ago.
The area of Colombia used to grow coca plants has increased by 50%, according to a report by the UN.
At least 102 people have died in a stampede at a Hindu temple in India, officials say.
A 14th Century bridge has been re-opened to pedestrians after being buried for more than a century.
The Duke of Cambridge and Prince Harry have opened a garden at Kensington Palace to mark the 20th anniversary of their mother's death.
Brighton defender Luke Crofts has left the club to join League One side Gillingham on loan until the end of the season.
Jackie Collins, the author of raunchy novels including The World is Full of Married Men, has died aged 77 after a battle with cancer.
Dr Tony Xia has completed his £136m takeover of Aston Villa.
A man who has been involved with the restoration of Cardigan Castle for 30 years has resigned from the project.
A failing free school in Birmingham with 600 students has been rated "inadequate" by Ofsted.
A 24-hour severe weather warning has been issued for Wales as a hurricane moves towards the UK.
A football stadium demolished 20 years ago is to be turned into a housing estate.
Claudia Winkleman will leave the BBC's Film 2016 to focus on her Radio 2 show.
A computer could edit a 105-minute football match down to a three-minute summary, according to scientists.
Australia beat India by 25 runs in the fourth one-day international in Canberra to move closer to a whitewash.
French rider Pierre Rolland won stage 15 of the Giro d'Italia on Wednesday.
Former Israeli President Shimon Peres has died at the age of 93.
A lifeboat station has been forced to close after 12 volunteer crew members resigned.
Atletico Madrid coach Diego Simeone has extended his contract with the Spanish club until 2018.
Austria has said it will accept only about 60% of the number of migrants it did last year, in a move likely to increase pressure on the Balk
Michel Platini's suspension over a payment for work on the 1998 World Cup could be lifted.
A passenger has been awarded compensation for a flight delayed by more than three hours.
The Welsh Government's transport secretary has said it would take 28 years to bring the Welsh rail network up to standard.
The National Crime Agency (NCA) is hunting 76 British fugitives in Spain.
Residents near Euston station will face "decades of disruption" from phase one of the HS2 rail link, Labour has said.
Plans have been lodged to build 700 student flats in Belfast city centre.
A motorway project has been given the go-ahead despite environmental concerns, a public inquiry has heard.
League Two sides Oxford United and Wycombe Wanderers have been drawn against Championship teams in the FA Cup fourth round.
The transfer of David de Gea from Manchester United to Real Madrid has failed to go through before the 23:00 BST deadline.
A collection of items from a Nottingham pram-making company which was in business for more than 150 years has been auctioned.
The French inventor of the Etch A Sketch toy has died at the age of 89.
Chelsea could face Paris St-Germain in the Champions League last-16 draw on Monday.
A football club has played its first game at its new home ground after waiting 10 years.
A man has admitted importing 50 extendable batons into Scotland.
BT-owned mobile network operator EE is testing drones and balloons to improve mobile coverage.
Scientists have discovered a fossilised berry that is 100 million years old.
A grandfather who murdered his 10-month-old baby girl has been jailed for life.
Roma striker Francesco Totti has signed a new contract with the club to keep him at the Italian side until 2016.
A survey of business leaders in Northern Ireland has found that 89% support remaining in the European Union (EU).
Kumar Sangakkara was dismissed for 21 on the final day of his last Test match against India.
A 91-year-old man who died while attempting to set a new national cycling record has been named.
The 50th anniversary of the West Indian Carnival in Leeds is to be marked with a series of events.
Police are hunting for a thief who stole 12 cups and saucers from a National Trust property.
Police in Scotland are investigating an allegation that Lord Greville Janner sexually abused a boy there 25 years ago.
Samsung Electronics has reported a 17% drop in operating profit for the three months to the end of December.
A 95-year-old widower who called a radio show to talk about his loneliness was invited to the studio.
A new vein of the rare mineral Blue John has been discovered in Derbyshire, 100 years after the last new vein.
A mother's boyfriend has been found guilty of murdering her 20-month-old son.
The Northern Ireland-based construction and materials group, Northstone, has reported a fall in profits for 2012.
Brains of volunteers in their 60s showed increased volume in the memory-related part of the brain after moderate exercise.
Three people who helped smuggle 20 people into the UK hidden in the back of a lorry have been jailed.
The US government has closed its investigation into a fatal crash involving a Tesla Model S car using Autopilot.
Google has reported a 20% rise in first-quarter profits, but the figure fell short of analysts' expectations.
Coventry City came from behind to defeat 10-man Millwall and move closer to League One safety.
Liverpool have appointed former England Under-19s coach Sean O'Driscoll as their first-team coach on an 18-month contract.
The mother of a teenager murdered 21 years ago has said she is "filled with grief" and wants the killer caught.
The government is investing £15m in a new community hospital in Somerset.
Afghanistan beat Ireland by six wickets in the first of two Twenty20 cricket matches in India.
Blackburn Rovers have appointed former player Gary Dunn as their first-team coach on an 18-month contract.
A series of bomb attacks in Iraq have killed at least 44 people, officials say.
Alfred Hitchcock sexually assaulted Tippi Hedren in 1962, the actress has claimed in her new memoir.
At least 30 cadets were injured during an annual pillow fight at the US Military Academy at West Point.
A funeral has been held for a man who was associated with Barnsley Football Club for 71 years.
Mario Balotelli has completed his move from Manchester City to AC Milan for a fee of £19m.
A new image-based sign-in system will feature in Windows 8, Microsoft has revealed.
Attendances at Scottish Professional Football League games have increased by 12% on the previous season.
Gian Piero Ventura has been named as the new Italy manager, replacing Antonio Conte for Euro 2016.
The mother of murdered two-year-old James Bulger has said she does not believe his killers should be released from prison after 20 years.
A driver caught doing 101mph on the MI8 has been reported to the courts, police have said.
A 70-year-old German man has been honoured by Derbyshire police for his bravery in tackling a burglar.
Surrey have confirmed Gareth Batty will continue as the county's captain in 2016.
British actor Peter Cushing has died at the age of 81, his family has said.
The Essex new town of Harlow is celebrating its 70th anniversary.
A boy who stabbed a 14-year-old boy to death at school has been given an extended sentence.
Tennis star Venus Williams is being investigated over a car crash that killed a 78-year-old man.
England women have named a 27-player squad for a training camp in Spain.
Kevin Pietersen hit a century in his first game for South African domestic side Dolphins in the T20 tournament.
The 2015 Rugby World Cup brought an estimated £43m boost to Newcastle's economy, it has been revealed.
More than 30 bearded dragons were dumped at an animal sanctuary in Ceredigion.
A number of collaborative projects will be developed during the 2017 UK-India cultural exchange.
A golf course which could lead to the loss of 100 rare species of plants and animals has been proposed.
Lancashire all-rounder Tom Smith has been forced to retire from cricket at the age of 32 because of a back injury.
The UK's inflation rate has fallen to its lowest level since 2013, according to official figures.
A hairpin bend and steep hill on the A9 in Caithness is to be improved, the Scottish government has said.
Barra Airport is celebrating its 80th year of operation.
The Garden Bridge project will cost £10m of public money, it has been announced.
Nottinghamshire closed day three of their County Championship match against Somerset with a slender lead of 22 runs.
A cable car project which could cost £100m to build has been revealed by Cardiff Bay Development Corporation (CBC).
Scientists have developed a treatment for type 1 diabetes that could one day be given to patients in a pill.
An Irish priest who died 83 years ago is to be beatified by the Pope.
Italian police have arrested 30 people in an anti-terror operation targeting a suspected Islamist network.
More than 20 bats have been found in unusual places and are being cared for by volunteers.
Almost 200 jobs could be lost as Southampton City Council looks to make budget cuts.
Services are being held to mark the 20th anniversary of women priests being ordained in Wales.
A 50-year-old Swiss woman has been raped in the northern Indian state of Himachal Pradesh, police say.
Raymond Aubrac, a key figure in the French Resistance, has died aged 98.
The police in Nigeria have arrested 10 men on suspicion of engaging in homosexual acts, local media report.
A college attended 19 football matches at Manchester United's Old Trafford stadium, it has been revealed.
James Anderson has become England's leading one-day international wicket-taker with his 50th scalp.
Germany's economy grew by 1.9% in 2016, according to preliminary figures from the country's statistics office.
An F-4 Turkish military aircraft has crashed in southern Turkey, killing the pilot, the military says.
Lancashire Police needs to save £100m over the next four years, the force's chief constable has said.
A Kent council has failed to claim back £5m from insurers after losing a legal battle.
Leaders Livingston extended their lead at the top of League Two to 10 points with victory over Brechin City.
Monty Python star Terry Gilliam will receive the Bafta Fellowship at an event in London on 11 May.
Polish director Andrzej Wajda, one of the most important filmmakers of the post-war era, has died aged 90.
Former Countdown contestants Eric Monkman and Bobby Seagull are to host a new show on BBC Radio 4.
Barclays has reported a 29% drop in third-quarter profits after taking into account the costs of misconduct settlements.
An Iron Age settlement more than 2,000 years ago has been uncovered by students in Dorset.
The US has charged seven Iranians with hacking into US companies, including banks and dams.
A US drone strike in north-western Pakistan has killed at least 12 people, officials say.
Iran has sentenced an American citizen to 10 years in prison on spying charges, the judiciary says.
The Welsh Government could withhold up to £5m of public money for a new media centre in Carmarthen.
Tom Daley won 10m platform silver at the Fina Diving World Series in Beijing.
Northern Ireland striker Liam Washington says it has taken just 48 months to go from delivering mail to playing in the Premier League.
A jockey has been given a 12-month driving ban for drink-driving while sleepwalking.
The British Grand Prix will be held at Silverstone on 16 July, the circuit's owners have confirmed.
North Korea could be allowed to compete at the 2018 Winter Olympics in South Korea, the International Olympic Committee has said.
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a schoolgirl 51 years ago.
A music festival due to be held in the south of Scotland has been cancelled after just 700 tickets were sold.
Glamorgan are planning to sign two overseas players for the 2017 season.
Bolivians have voted to reject a proposal to allow President Evo Morales to run for re-election in 2016.
Hampshire secured victory over Glamorgan in the T20 Blast South Group with a comfortable seven-wicket win.
The hard shoulder on the M4 is to be turned into an extra lane.
A decision to scrap plans to create 12 marine protected areas in Welsh waters has been described as an "embarrassing U-turn".
A new investigation should be launched into the murder of a Derbyshire woman 40 years ago, a campaigner has said.
A man has appeared in court charged with supplying a "legal high" drug after a 15-year-old girl died taking it.
Portugal has approved a law allowing the descendants of Jews expelled more than 500 years ago to apply for Portuguese citizenship.
A 13-year-old boy was denied a seat on a flight because of overbooking, his family say.
Northern Irish pupils are among the most satisfied with their lives, according to an international study.
England have been dealt a blow ahead of the Women's World Twenty20 series in India with the news that Danielle Hazell has been ruled out through injury.
Welsh snowboarder Zoe Potter is aiming to qualify for the 2018 Winter Olympics.
The man who admitted killing 77 people in Norway last year has complained that his prison conditions are "inhumane".
More than 30% of you correctly predicted the top three finishers in the British Grand Prix.
At least 100 people have died in landslides and floods in Indonesia, officials say.
A woman has told a court she has finally come forward to report alleged sexual abuse of her as a child 49 years ago.
Junior doctors in England will begin a strike on 12 October, the British Medical Association has said.
The Queen has thanked people for their birthday wishes as she turns 90 on Saturday.
Alliance Trust has announced a 20% reduction in costs, and a shake-up of its board.
A new method of predicting where arsenic is likely to be found in groundwater could help 20 million people in China who are at risk of poisoning.
About 100 people attended a protest outside Liverpool Town Hall to call for the council to set an illegal budget.
Boeing has unveiled a new design for the overhead bins on its 737 aircraft that will allow passengers to store more hand luggage.
More than 300 Syrian refugees have been resettled in Wales, according to new figures.
Nick Clegg has claimed that the prison population in England and Wales was last at a certain level in 1993.
Southern rail passengers received more than £2m in compensation for delays and cancellations, figures have shown.
Barrie McKay's £13m move to RB Leipzig is a "massive step" for the Scotland Under-21 international, says ex-Fore
US Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas has asked a question during oral arguments at the high court for the first time in 10 years.
The Scottish Borders Council by-election will be held on 16 June, the Presiding Officer of the Scottish Parliament has confirmed.
The main party leaders have given their reactions to the assembly elections held on 5 May.
The new Xbox console will be released in 2017, Microsoft has announced.
A family-run brewery has reported its highest profits for 10 years, helped by the growth of its pubs and coffee shops.
Manchester City have signed Valencia defender Nicolas Otamendi for a fee that could rise to £32m.
A Slovakian student has been jailed for at least 13 years for the murder of a pensioner in Glasgow.
Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho says only 11 of his squad are performing to their potential.
A 15-year-old girl hit by a car and left in the street has suffered serious head injuries.
Up to 70 jobs are at risk after the owners of the Tannoy factory in Coatbridge announced plans to close the site.
Three former pupils of a Catholic primary school in north Belfast have received compensation payments after being attacked by loyalist protesters.
Adolf Hitler's book is to be published for the first time in 90 years.
A military plane that crashed into the sea off Myanmar last month with at least 13 people on board was probably caused by bad weather, say investigators.
Newsweek has published its final print edition, on 31 December.
A man has been seriously injured in a crash on the M6 in Staffordshire.
The economic benefit to Scotland from overseas students is £257m a year, according to a new report.
A 29-year-old man was stabbed during a fight at a gig in Glasgow.
Uefa has charged the Serbian FA with racist chanting by fans and has opened disciplinary proceedings against England over the behaviour of players at the end of the game.
Regeneration projects in south Wales worth £36m have been given the go-ahead by the Welsh government.
Global energy consumption grew at its slowest rate in 2014, according to a new report from BP.
Nottinghamshire have re-signed Australia all-rounder Dan Christian for the 2017 T20 Blast competition.
A new DNA profile has been identified in the murder of a teenager 21 years ago, police have said.
(Close): Shares in Japan fell on Monday, with Toshiba shares dropping 9% after the company announced it would cut thousands of jobs.
A receding tide has exposed 100 skeletons on an island in the Thames estuary, according to local legend.
A man who targeted a police helicopter with a laser pen has been jailed for 14 months.
Northern Ireland will host the 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games, it has been announced.
Footfall figures for Scottish Borders town centres for 2016 have been released.
The first tropical storm of the Atlantic hurricane season has formed on 1 August, the US National Hurricane Centre says.
Elite England rugby players could soon be earning in excess of £1m a year, according to the Rugby Players' Association.
A song by Tommy Steele was the biggest-selling single of the 1960s, according to a new chart.
A 23-year-old man who was shot dead at a birthday party has been named by police.
A scheme that gives 16-18 year olds a third off bus travel in Wales will continue until a new scheme is in place.
Paul Lawrie says he will have an operation on his foot this winter in a bid to be fit for the 2016 Open Championship.
A remembrance event has been held in Cardiff to mark the 100th anniversary of the First World War.
American golfer David Bohn, 40, suffered a mild heart attack at the Honda Classic in Florida on Friday.
The price of oil fell more than 7% on Monday, as OPEC refused to cut production.
A driver who led police on a 100mph chase through West Sussex has been jailed.
At least 12 gunmen have been killed in a clash between rival drug gangs in northern Mexico, officials say.
Disney's The Lion King has been named one of the National Film Registry's annual selections for 2014.
At least 130 people have died when the roof of a church collapsed in southern Nigeria, officials say.
Afghanistan beat Ireland by 108 runs in the first of five one-day internationals in India.
Burnley defender Stephen Vokes says Wales can take confidence from their recent performances when they face the Republic of Ireland in Dublin on 24 March.
A 32-year-old man has been found dead in a flat in Glasgow.
A Romanian man who hacked into the email accounts of prominent US politicians has been sentenced to 52 months in prison.
Radio 1 DJ Chris Moyles is to be awarded an honorary degree from the University of East Anglia.
Macau's gambling revenue reached a record high in 2010, according to official figures.
Tata Steel has been fined after five workers were exposed to a chemical at its plant in South Yorkshire.
A record 53 new craft gin distilleries opened in the UK last year, a report has claimed.
A county council has criticised plans to expand Luton Airport to 30 million passengers per year.
A man who sexually assaulted a 12-year-old girl has been jailed for 30 months.
Former Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has announced his retirement from football coaching after a 26-year career.
High winds have caused a lorry to be blown over on the A55 in north Wales.
The Oscar-winning film 12 Years a Slave is to be shown on an extra 1,000 screens in the US and Canada.
The number of syphilis cases in London has risen by 125% in the past five years, according to new figures.
A new global flight tracking system is to be introduced to help find missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370.
Former Wales and Racing 92 scrum-half Mike Phillips has signed a two-year contract with Sale.
A controversial hydroelectric scheme in Snowdonia which has been in the planning for 15 years has been withdrawn.
Ten heroin dealers have been jailed for a total of 160 years.
A £100m Science Central development in Newcastle has been officially opened.
At least 16 people have been injured in a collision between two Amtrak trains in Oakland, California.
The number of people prosecuted for animal cruelty in Wales has risen by 20% in the past year, according to the RSPCA.
The number of cancer patients starting treatment within 62 days of being referred by their GP has fallen, figures show.
The Football Association and English Football League will donate £5m to the victims of the Grenfell Tower fire.
Shares in the Co-op Group rose more than 10% following the release of its first half-year results.
The creator of India's Chandigarh Rock Garden, Nek Chand, has died at the age of 90.
Russian President Vladimir Putin is to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Sochi on Tuesday, in their first meeting since 2015.
Commemorative stamps marking the 350th anniversary of the Great Fire of London have been released by Royal Mail.
Prince Harry has been greeted by 100 indigenous people during his visit to Guyana.
Swansea City's longest-serving director has died aged 89.
Sheffield United have released 16 players at the end of their contracts.
A trial has begun in Argentina for five men accused of running a secret prison in which more than 200 people disappeared.
Police in the Australian state of Victoria are investigating 12 women from Melbourne who they believe are trying to join Islamic State (IS) militants.
Retired Welsh firefighters who were underpaid after retiring will receive a total of £5m.
The US has named a new ambassador to Cuba, the first since diplomatic relations were severed in 1961.
A man who killed his wife of 25 years has been found not guilty of murder.
Cannabis seized by police in England and Wales over the past year is projected to be worth more than £200m, a report says.
Hearts majority shareholder Ann Budge has set up a £6m reserve fund to redevelop Tynecastle.
Celtic boss Ronny Deila says his side can progress to the last 32 of the Europa League if they beat Astra Giurgiu.
Former Aberdeen and Arbroath player Paul Sheerin has been appointed as the Dons' new Under-20s coach on an 18-month
Troy Polamalu has announced his retirement from American football at the age of 33.
A new 50m swimming pool in Derby will cost at least £20m to build, the city council has said.
UN investigators are to name 150 people suspected of committing war crimes in Syria.
Thousands of people have attended anti-water charges demonstrations organised by the Right2Water campaign.
A new online database of 390 tree species has been launched to help people choose the right tree for the right place.
Russia coach Leonid Slutsky says he will step down after the country failed to win a single game at Euro 2016.
Police searching for a schoolgirl who disappeared 60 years ago have found "distinct areas" in the canal where she may be buried.
One in 10 11-year-olds is checking their mobile phones at night, according to a survey.
A man who tried to kill a colleague with a meat cleaver has been jailed for 18 years.
A hospital has been criticised after a petition signed by 100 residents calling for action over parking problems was rejected.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor Murray says the Warriors are aiming to finish in the top four of the Pro12.
West Brom striker Saido Berahino has been given a 12-month driving ban for drink-driving.
Ecuador's election authorities have confirmed there will be a run-off election on 3 April after no candidate won the presidency outright.
Hackers have posted online the email addresses and passwords of more than 700 US government employees, a security firm has found.
Zoe Smith will attempt to qualify for the Rio Olympics at the European Championships in Norway on 10 April.
Youth players in the United States under the age of 13 will be banned from heading the ball under new safety measures.
Aberdeenshire-based Proserv has been awarded contracts worth £10m by Abu Dhabi's Taqa and an unnamed oil and gas operator.
The US government has told a court in Boston that the victims of the 15 April 2013 Boston Marathon bombings suffered horrific injuries.
The US has condemned the Afghan government's decision to release 37 prisoners it says are dangerous insurgents.
The BBC will provide extensive coverage of the Rio 2016 Olympics and Paralympics across TV, radio and online.
An Angus-based oil and gas firm is to expand with the creation of 100 jobs.
A lorry has crashed into a house and is likely to leave the A44 closed all day.
Boyhood has been named the best film of 2014 by the New York Film Critics Circle.
More than 500 people have objected to a merger of two schools in Gwynedd.
Cardiff Blues and Wales second row Bradley Roberts will make his debut for Cambridge University against Oxford University on 5 March.
Land Rover has confirmed that it will launch a new Defender model in 2012.
A public swimming pool which has been in operation for 100 years is to close.
Kent all-rounder James Stevens reached 31 on the second day of the County Championship match against Essex.
About 200 police officers in Dyfed-Powys are to wear body cameras.
Donald Trump has said he will not tolerate violence at his rallies after 10 people were arrested after violent protests at one in Chicago.
A school in Nottinghamshire sent home more than 100 pupils on the first day of term for not wearing the correct school uniform.
North Korea has sentenced an American missionary to 15 years of hard labour for "crimes against the state".
Average speed cameras are to be installed on the M74 as part of a major motorway improvements project.
A British student has been jailed for 10 years in the United Arab Emirates for possessing a small amount of cocaine.
Golf's return to the Olympics in Rio 2016 could be in jeopardy unless the sport's top tours comply with Wada rules.
Footage has been released of the police raid that ended the 24-hour siege in Sydney last year.
A man who posted racist comments on Facebook about a murdered toddler has been jailed for 11 months.
A £100m retail development in Northamptonshire has been given the go-ahead to include more restaurants.
Scotland's climate change targets were met in 2015, according to official figures.
Manchester City have agreed a £30m deal to sign West Bromwich Albion defender Jonny Evans.
More than 1,000 youth workers and work-based learning practitioners will be required to register with a new body.
Insurance firm Royal Sun Alliance is to close its office in Birmingham city centre with the loss of 190 jobs.
Gemma Arterton is in talks to star in a musical version of the 2010 film Made in Dagenham.
Two farmers who stole 115 sheep from across the north of England have been jailed.
The Grand Master of the Orange Order has said it will not march in north Belfast on 12 July.
Real Madrid have been asked to provide information on 51 players by Fifa, the club have confirmed.
James Commons hopes to stay at Hibernian until the end of the season after making his debut in a 1-1 draw with Morton.
The BBC has signed a new four-year deal to continue broadcasting the Six Nations Championship until 2017.
England and Scotland will wear poppy armbands during their game on 11 November despite Fifa banning the move.
A science discovery centre in Cardiff will continue to receive government funding until 2021, it has been announced.
David Tennant and Billie Piper will be returning for the Doctor Who 50th anniversary special, the BBC has confirmed.
Middlesex have re-signed New Zealand great Brendon McCullum as captain for the T20 Blast competition.
US stocks fell more than 1% on the last trading day of the year, with energy stocks leading the decline.
Tesco has agreed to sell its loss-making Fresh & Easy business in the US for £100m.
A wildlife charity has warned that anglers fishing in a country park are putting swans at risk after 20 of the birds were injured over the past year.
More than 60 people have bought shares in a village pub to stop it being sold off to a pub chain.
Anna Christian will compete in the National Road Championships on 11 June before racing for Great Britain at the European Road Championships.
Italian police have arrested 100 people in an inquiry into match-fixing in the lower divisions of the country's football league.
A prison has been rated as "not sufficiently respectful" and had "fundamental failings" in the 18 months since its last inspection.
Cheltenham Town moved back to the top of the Conference with a 10th consecutive game without defeat.
The name Boaty McBoatface has become the front-runner in an online poll to name a new £200m research ship.
A bubble tea chain has said it will now pay staff for 40 hours of unpaid training.
Police investigating phone hacking have arrested a 50-year-old man, the BBC understands.
A windmill which has not produced its own flour for 201 years is set to start grinding again.
BBC Sport has announced its TV and radio coverage for the 2013 Rugby League World Cup.
A mosque in Florida has been dropped as a polling station after 2004, despite being used for the past five years.
At least 20 people have been killed in three suicide bombings in the southern Yemeni city of Aden, officials say.
Iran's President has congratulated the 17 women elected to the country's parliament in elections seen as a victory for moderates.
A woman has told how her 10-year-old son saved her and her daughter from a fire that destroyed their home.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teacher was stabbed in a Bradford school.
At least 20 people have been killed in a landslide in western Colombia, officials say.
Gwen Ifill, the first African-American woman to moderate a vice-presidential debate, has died at the age of 61.
UKIP is confident of winning seats in the 2016 assembly election, its Welsh leader has said.
Eels have been found in a Norfolk river for the first time in 15 years.
A firefighter who was suspended after a fire engine took six minutes to arrive at a house fire has been sacked.
Jenson Button says he is set to retire from Formula 1 at the end of the season.
Former Conservative Home Secretary Lord Waddington has died at the age of 81.
Action camera maker GoPro is cutting 150 jobs as part of a restructuring of the company.
The Houthi rebels in Yemen have released the chief of staff of President Abdrabbuh Mansour Hadi after holding him for 28 days.
North Korea is holding its first local elections since 2014.
Honda rider Michael Martin has said he will not compete in the 12 Ulster Grand Prix.
A packaging plant that produced plastic bags has made 40 workers redundant.
Consumer confidence has fallen sharply since the EU referendum result was announced on 24 June, according to a new survey.
A car owner who helped a hit-and-run driver evade justice for 12 years has been jailed for 23 months.
British archer John Stubbs says he and his team-mates are aiming for Rio 2016.
Cardiff Blues came from behind to beat French Top 14 side Pau in a game they played with 14 men.
A new 20mph speed limit is to be introduced in parts of Edinburgh city centre.
There are 23 women on the FTSE 100 boards, according to research by Cranfield University School of Management.
A Grade II-listed theatre built in the 19th Century is to be auctioned off next month.
Police are treating the death of an 81-year-old woman in a house fire in Kilmarnock as murder.
Edinburgh will host the 2017 European Champions Cup and Challenge Cup finals.
Tottenham have signed Spain striker Roberto Soldado from Valencia for a fee of about £26m.
A woman with learning disabilities is to be sterilised against her will after she gave birth to six children.
More than 50 teams have submitted plans for the restoration of a stately home destroyed by fire.
An exhibition has been held to mark the 50th anniversary of the closure of Nottingham's Victoria Station.
A postcard which took 29 years to get to its intended recipient has been delivered to a house in Merthyr Tydfil.
Manchester City Council is to review the effectiveness of 20mph speed limit zones in reducing accidents.
A former loyalist who evaded justice for 38 years after escaping from court has been given a suspended jail sentence.
More than 70 jobs could be lost at a Shropshire college, it has been announced.
A man in the US has been exonerated and freed after spending 25 years in prison for a murder he did not commit.
More than 200 businesses in the Leith Walk area do not have the correct waste collection contracts in place, the City of Edinburgh has said.
Lord Rix, the 84-year-old actor and campaigner for people with learning disabilities, has called for a change in the law on assisted dying
A man who turned his life around after 20 years homeless has been honoured in the New Year's Honours list.
India beat Sri Lanka by an innings and 236 runs in the second Test in Colombo to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
The Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) has announced plans to invest £250m in improving tennis facilities across the country.
BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game at the 2014 World Cup.
The UK music industry's revenues grew for the first time in a decade in 2016, according to the British Phonographic Industry (BPI).
A man who died in hospital after a crash on the A713 in South Ayrshire has been named.
Fast bowler Tim Murtagh has returned to Ireland after switching to England in 2012.
A shorter Championship season and a Lord's final for the One-Day Cup are among the changes to county cricket in 2017.
Leeds Rhinos need to raise £1m to repair a flood-damaged training ground.
At least 10 people have died in a fire at a textile factory in Bangladesh, officials say.
A painter who was shortlisted for the John Moores Painting Prize 23 years ago has won the competition for the first time.
Long daytime naps are associated with an increased risk of type-2 diabetes, research suggests.
A Good Samaritan drove people to safety in the aftermath of the Manchester Arena attack which killed 22 people.
Police have found 16 petrol bombs in west Belfast.
Five more Scottish athletes have been selected for the GB team for the Rio Olympics, taking the total to 15.
More than 15 female foetuses have been found buried in a field in western India, police say.
A man who made a hoax bomb threat which led to 27 patients being evacuated from a hospital has been jailed.
A quarter of the world's food is traded through chokepoints that are vulnerable to disruption, a new study has found.
A door with a shopkeeper's portrait has been found after 25 years missing.
Laura Trott could make an appearance at the 2018 Commonwealth Games in Australia.
A £1m package is being allocated to help children with autism.
A suicide bomb attack on a football ceremony in Iraq has killed at least 28 people, officials say.
Saudi Arabia has announced plans to develop its Red Sea coast as a luxury tourism destination at a cost of £40bn.
A historic 16th Century hall in Manchester has been badly damaged by a fire.
The Supreme Court of India has refused to allow two Italian marines to return home to spend Christmas with their families.
The death of Muhammad Ali at the age of 74 has been trending on Twitter.
A barracks in Brecon, Powys, is set to close in 2024, the Ministry of Defence has announced.
About 100 skeletons have been discovered in a graveyard in Peterborough.
Featherstone Rovers are through to the last eight of the Challenge Cup after a hard-fought win over Halifax.
The families of 10 men murdered in the Kingsmill massacre 40 years ago have been told there is no coroner to hold an inquest.
A museum has been given a helping hand to restore a Lorenz cipher machine used by the Nazis in 1942.
England's Matthew Fitzpatrick matched Thailand's Thongchai Jaidee's 66 to retain his lead at the Maybank Championship.
This 11-year-old girl is the youngest chess master in the US.
West Ham striker Andy Carroll is not a guaranteed pick for the Euro 2016 England squad, says manager Roy Hodgson.
Bob the Builder is getting a new voice and a new look for the children's TV show's return to Channel 1.
Zambian police have arrested 100 Chinese nationals on suspicion of illegal mining, Chinese state media report.
Coins and artefacts buried 700 years ago have been unearthed during an archaeological dig.
More than £4m worth of contracts have been awarded for the Dundee Waterfront regeneration project.
A manhunt in Israel has ended with the killing of a gunman suspected of killing two people in two separate attacks in the country.
Paddy Power Betfair has reported a 44% increase in profits in the first year after their merger.
Women losing their state pensions because of their age are being told the government has found £1bn to help them.
A historic building in Aberystwyth is to be restored with £12m of National Lottery money.
Notts County owner Alan Hardy has appointed four new directors to the club.
A Swansea MP has accused the government of "back-pedalling" on a £1bn tidal lagoon project in Swansea Bay.
A festival which has been running for 10 years in Coventry has been cancelled.
The first full-length trailer for the new James Bond film, Spectre, has been released.
A crisp factory in County Durham is to close with the loss of 378 jobs.
A £4m European funding award has been announced for the Surf Snowdonia project.
Tom DeLonge has been "ousted" from Blink 182, according to his bandmates.
A bank robbery in Glasgow city centre has left police investigating whether the suspects were wearing hi-tech headgear.
A former Wales footballer has joked he faces a Â£1,000 parking bill after leaving his car at Birmingham Airport for the Euro 2016
Wales lock Luke Charteris will join Bath at the end of the 2016-17 season.
A Falkirk pension fund is investing £30m in a new housing fund.
A Bangladeshi man has been reunited with his family after 25 years of separation.
The RSPCA and the Dublin Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (DSPCA) have seized 20 puppies they believe were being sm
Butterfly species could become extinct in the 21st Century due to climate change, a study has suggested.
A phone line for non-emergency medical help has been rated as a high risk to patient safety.
A loan shark who preyed on the vulnerable has had an 18-month suspended jail sentence after he repaid his victims.
Antonio Conte has been appointed as the new coach of the Italy national team for Euro 2014.
Coca-Cola's shares fell more than 2% after the company reported a fall in profits.
George Clooney has granted a 90-year-old woman's wish to meet him by visiting her at her care home.
A letter criticising the government's record on the NHS has been signed by 100 doctors and health professionals.
A 16th Century defensive wall at Stirling Castle has been uncovered during building work.
Former Wrexham captain Dean Keates has been appointed as the club's new manager on a one-year contract.
About 1,500 new medical training places will be created in England, the government has announced.
The area of Afghanistan used to grow opium poppies has increased by 10%, according to the UN.
The death toll from an attack on a military base in the eastern Libyan city of al-Beyda has risen to 140, a spokesman for the
Being a girl is the most dangerous thing to be in 100 countries, according to a report by Save the Children.
An emergency landing of a plane at East Midlands Airport caused the closure of the M1 motorway.
The film Spotlight has been named best film of 2015 by the National Board of Review.
Ravi Vora has been collecting matchbox labels for 30 years.
Carl Frampton will fight Leo Santa Cruz in Las Vegas on 30 April, the day before his fellow Northern Irishman Carl Frampton fights Leo Santa Cruz.
A New Zealand zoo has euthanised its oldest resident, an Australian pelican called Lanky, aged 45.
Gordie Howe, one of the greatest ice hockey players of all time, has died aged 88, his family has said.
A US-based legal services firm is to create 20 new jobs in Belfast.
A woman who has been selling poppies for the Royal British Legion for 75 years has been recognised by the charity.
Yorkshire will host a day-night Championship match on 15 July.
Plans to build 510 houses on the outskirts of an East Yorkshire village have been rejected by the government.
Charlton Athletic have appointed Jose Riga as their new head coach for a second time, this time on a permanent basis.
The US economy grew at its fastest pace in three years in 2014, according to official figures.
General Motors (GM) has said it will stop selling cars in India by the end of 2017.
About 300 pilot whales have died after being stranded on a beach in New Zealand.
Lancashire batsman Liam Livingstone is included in a 15-man England squad for the first Twenty20 international against South Africa.
A mobile operating theatre has been blamed for complications suffered by 30 patients after surgery.
Three people have been taken to hospital after a lorry crashed into a bus on the A34 in Oxfordshire.
Two West Sussex councils have accused the government of "sham" consultation over proposed improvements to the A27.
Stormont MLAs have rejected a motion calling for a 50% reduction in parking fines.
A close friend and assistant to Elvis Presley, Sonny West, has died aged 77.
Hampshire batsman James Vince says playing in the World Twenty20 is his main aim for 2016.
ScotRail is to create up to 100 new train driver jobs as part of a nationwide recruitment drive.
Aberdeen schoolchildren who took part in a medical study 50 years ago are being asked to take part in a new project.
French player Marion Bartoli has retired from tennis at the age of 28 because of persistent injuries.
Formula 1 is considering a change to its qualifying format after teams complained about the current system.
Southampton have signed winger Nathan Redmond from Norwich City for a fee of about £10m.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says there is no price to buy England striker Harry Kane, who broke the record for most Premier League goals in
A measles outbreak has affected 32 children in south west Wales, health officials have said.
A £10m project to transform Perth Concert Hall into a food market has been given a boost.
A murder investigation has been launched following the death of a 28-year-old man in Royston, Glasgow.
A reunion is being held to mark 20 years since the closure of Ipswich Airport.
British soldiers spent just 20% of their time fighting during World War One, a new study has found.
A Welsh Conservative AM has been accused of undermining the group's policy on the M4 relief road.
Charlton Athletic have launched an investigation into allegations of historical child abuse at the club 30 years ago.
A 17-year-old boy who died after being turned away from a party was treated by police officers.
A British gymnast has switched allegiance to South Africa in a bid to compete at the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.