A survey of 500 churches in Norfolk has found medieval graffiti in 100 of them.
A 13-year-old boy is in a coma after being set on fire in Texas, and a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder.
A man has admitted conspiring to import cocaine with a street value of £100m.
Many musicians have expressed their sympathy following the lorry attack in Nice, which killed at least 84 people.
Former Liverpool manager Kenny Dalglish has been awarded the freedom of the city as the 27th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster is commemorated.
Great Britain's athletes will compete in the 4x100m and 4x400m events at the IAAF World Relays in Bahamas on 21-24 May.
Leigh Centurions have signed Australian half-back Daniel Mortimer on a loan deal until the end of the season.
Somalia has arrested and deported 10 foreigners who were working in the country illegally.
Floods and landslides across the Indian subcontinent have killed at least 120 people, with many more missing.
Tiger Woods has dropped out of the world's top 100 for the first time in 20 years.
The Guernsey Volleyball Association is bidding to host the 2023 Island Games, but the sport will miss out on the next two editions.
Luis Suarez will play in a charity match at Anfield on 29 July.
At least 27 people have been killed and dozens more injured in a train derailment in Burma, officials say.
Facebook could face a daily fine of 250,000 euros if it does not comply with a court order to stop tracking Belgian internet users.
South Africa has declared a drought disaster in the Western Cape region, where 3.5 million people have been urged to limit their daily water usage to 87 litres.
(Close): The FTSE 100 index closed lower after commodity giant Glencore shares fell 10% on fears over its huge debts.
The M1 will be closed for resurfacing during the August Bank Holiday weekend.
A girl left brain damaged by NHS failings has been awarded £10m damages, a High Court judge has ruled.
Harry Kane wants to play for England's Under-21s at the European Championship, says manager Roy Hodgson.
Former England batsman Rob Key has retired from cricket after playing for Kent for 18 years.
A man who murdered a teenage drug dealer in a "brutal" attack has been jailed for a minimum of 24 years.
Pope Francis has called for justice over the bombing of an Argentine Jewish centre 20 years ago.
American swimmer Michael Phelps has announced he will retire after the Rio Olympics at the age of 31.
A 16-month-old boy has been blinded by a drone which crashed into his face while being flown by a friend.
Guns N' Roses have announced their first UK shows in 23 years.
Wales earned their first point in the Euro 2017 qualifying campaign as they held Austria to a goalless draw in Cardiff.
The first of two films based on JRR Tolkien's The Hobbit will have its world premiere in New Zealand - 12 years after the first Lord of the Rings film.
Ticket sales for the third installment of The Hunger Games franchise fell 45% in its second weekend.
Police have re-opened an investigation into the murder of a County Antrim man 13 years ago.
RBS is moving 443 jobs from the UK to India as part of a plan to cut costs.
Honduras has closed 10 of its consulates in the United States after allegations that they were issuing fake IDs.
India's new government will present its first full-year budget on 7 July, the finance ministry has said.
Car insurance premiums have risen by 16% in the past year, according to a survey.
A man has admitted being responsible for the death of a 21-month-old girl killed by a dog.
Los Angeles has voted to bid to host the 2024 Summer Olympics.
The founder of a children's hospice has died at the age of 74.
A family-run laundry firm has opened a new £10m super laundry in North Lanarkshire.
A theme park where a 11-year-old girl died is to reopen, but one of its water rides will remain closed.
Malaysia has changed the last words spoken by the pilot of missing flight MH370.
Four provincial qualifiers will be needed to complete the 2017 Ulster Senior Football Championship draw.
More than 100 jobs have been saved at a Sheffield engineering firm after it won a series of contracts with the US Navy.
A 70-year-old man has become the oldest Briton to reach the South Pole.
The number of people living with cancer in Scotland has increased by 18% in the past five years, a charity has said.
A man who carried out a series of sex attacks on young girls has been jailed for seven years.
Sam Smith has scored a third week at number one in the UK album chart with In The Lonely Hour.
Former Glamorgan coach and player Jeremy Derrick has died at the age of 54 after a battle with cancer.
Walsall kept their 100% start to the season and 10th consecutive clean sheet as they beat Peterborough.
The FA Cup third-round fixtures are taking place on Sunday 7 January.
The number of stray dogs being put to sleep by councils in Northern Ireland has fallen by 30%.
A woman was murdered by her ex-husband and her body concealed for 12 years, a court has heard.
A dog that had been missing for 12 days was rescued from a gorge in the Highlands.
A couple who buried a pensioner on their land and claimed benefits for 18 months have been jailed.
A man who has been jailed 17 times for breaching an anti-social behaviour order has been told he faces a life term.
India has agreed to buy 36 Rafale fighter jets from France, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said.
Classic film Chariots of Fire is to be screened in cinemas across the UK during the 2012 London Olympics.
Shares in Yahoo have jumped 10% after reports that Microsoft is considering a takeover.
Cuba says it has found the flight recorders from a passenger plane that crashed in the western part of the country on Thursday, killing 111 people.
The Great Gatsby has become the UK's number one film after its release in 462 locations across the UK and Ireland.
Japan says it has spotted more than 20 Chinese ships near a group of disputed islands in the East China Sea.
China says five people who carried out an attack in Xinjiang that killed 15 people have blown themselves up.
Taylor Swift has been accused of failing to pay a fan for using her artwork on the cover of 1989 (Taylor's Version).
Sussex and England cricketer Matthew Hobden has died at the age of 21.
The barcode is 60 years old but its future is not in danger from the rise of the QR code, says the body that governs its use.
A 17-year-old racing driver who was in a crash that cost him his legs is now leaving hospital.
An economic research institute is to be expanded with a £1m investment.
Ulster will be without two key players for Saturday's Pro12 trip to Cardiff Blues with Jacob Stockdale and Luke Marshall ruled out.
More than 50 homes in a York housing development have been built in the wrong place.
Ticket touts have been banned from the run of the new Harry Potter play in London.
Olympic gold medallist Hannah Mills says she may switch boats after Rio 2016.
A woman who auctioned off Jeremy Corbyn's cup for charity has said she raised more than £50.
The 2016 mayoral election is a good time to be promising to freeze fares.
Graham Allen, the longest-serving MP for Nottingham North, has announced he will not stand for re-election.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, recovering from a sharp fall on Tuesday.
A former soldier blinded in a 2009 blast in Afghanistan is aiming for the 2016 Olympics.
Haiti is to recruit its first standing army in 20 years, the defence ministry has announced.
A 17-year-old boy has been jailed for 12 years for stabbing a man in the head with a knife.
British athletes won 11 medals at the 2015 World Championships in Beijing.
A charity is charging £1,000 for work experience placements that it says are vital for students applying for medicine.
Ireland have signed former Sri Lanka bowler Chaminda Vaas as a bowling consultant for the World Twenty20 in India.
Liberia has reported its first new case of Ebola, 11 weeks after the country was declared free of the disease.
A former scout leader who abused boys over a 40-year period has been jailed for 12 years.
One of the few remaining Far East prisoners of war has died at the age of 101.
Researchers have identified 39 living relatives of Leonardo da Vinci, Italian media report.
More than 100 soldiers were injured during training at the Otterburn army ranges in the past year, figures have revealed.
A son who stabbed his father 26 times has been jailed for life.
Britain's David Florence won his third world canoe slalom title at the 2014 event in Deep Creek, USA.
A trust that runs 10 schools has placed its chief executive on leave after Ofsted placed seven of them in special measures.
Three-time Formula 1 champion Sir Stirling Moss has begun his recovery from a serious chest infection, aged 87.
Lancashire Police has announced plans to save £20m over the next three years.
A 14-year-old girl has become a temporary doctor after delivering her baby brother in the US.
The BBC has confirmed the arts programme Saturday Review will continue to be broadcast on BBC Radio 4.
The Academy Awards saw a 15% drop in US viewers compared to last year, according to the Nielsen ratings company.
Wales could miss out on a tough World Cup pool by finishing too low in the rankings, says former wing Shane Williams.
US President Donald Trump has been greeted by protesters at a fundraiser for his 2020 election campaign.
Hampshire opener James Vince struck an unbeaten 52 as the visitors beat Sussex by 10 runs.
Britain's James Guy won silver in the men's 400m freestyle at the World Championships in Russia.
A supercomputer with 160 terabytes of memory has been built by Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE).
Polling stations have opened across Scotland for the Scottish Parliament election on 5 May.
Plans to turn Swansea's city centre into a park have been described as "fraught with problems" - 10 years after the last major revamp.
A scientist who left £1m to a scientific charity has had the money claimed by his family after he got his geography wrong.
The Ebola outbreak in Guinea has spread to the capital, Conakry, 50 days after it began, health officials say.
More than 60 beaches in Scotland have been rated as having excellent water quality, according to the environmental watchdog.
At least 32 people have died in China after being attacked by swarms of giant hornets, local media report.
The two Italian clubs in the Pro12 could be expelled from the league unless they pay a debt owed to other teams.
One man has died and another is in a critical condition after a crash involving eight vehicles on the A34.
More than 30 councils in England and Wales sent in bailiffs to collect unpaid Council Tax debts last year, according to research.
Richard Kilty has ruled himself out of the 60m at the World Indoor Championships in Portland.
A 12-year-old girl was allegedly raped by seven men who groomed vulnerable teenagers, a court has heard.
The Scottish government was "committed" to pursuing a £10bn investment deal with two Chinese firms, Nicola Sturgeon has told MSPs.
A healthy person carries about 400 potentially harmful mutations in their DNA, a study suggests.
A major flood has hit the Australian city of Rockhampton for the first time in 20 years.
A woman who stabbed her 71-year-old partner to death has been jailed for life.
Australian rules footballer Adam Goodes, who won the 2014 Australian of the Year award, has been the target of racial abuse.
A family forced to live in temporary accommodation for 10 months after a sinkhole appeared outside their home have returned home.
The number of people who have died on Northern Ireland's roads so far this year has reached 10.
Police community support officers in Gloucestershire are to be redeployed to cover wider areas.
Councillors in the West Midlands have approved plans for 31 new pitches for gypsies and travellers.
Gas supplies have been restored to more than 600 homes in a Welsh valley.
Two Labour AMs, Gwenda Thomas and Gwenda Hart, have said they will not stand in the 2016 assembly election.
The Scottish economy is expected to show growth in 2016, according to the Fraser of Allander Institute.
More than 10% of shops in London sold knives to underage volunteers, a Trading Standards investigation has found.
Italian DJ Robert Miles has died at the age of 47 after a battle with cancer.
At least 11 people have been killed in a building collapse in India, with many more feared trapped under the rubble.
Jack and Emily were the most popular baby names in Northern Ireland in 2014, according to the annual list.
An inquest into the death of a 14-year-old girl heard there was no evidence of cyber-bullying.
Canterbury Cathedral has been awarded £24m to restore its nave.
The number of new businesses being set up in Wales has fallen by 30% in the past five years.
A school has been criticised for sending home 30 girls for wearing skirts that were "too short".
A 40-year-old stuntwoman has died while performing a motorcycle stunt for the film Deadpool 2.
A suicide bomb attack in northern Afghanistan has killed at least 32 people, officials say.
At least 30 people died in a coach crash in northern Ghana, officials say.
Stephen Warren says a training aid helped him avoid a nightmare scenario of losing his European Tour card for 2017.
The Irish government has announced plans to sell off 25% of the state-owned Allied Irish Banks (AIB).
Ariana Grande has cancelled the remaining dates of her world tour following the Manchester Arena attack, which killed 22 people.
Personal data on 17 homes is missing after a train carrying documents for the HS2 high-speed rail line project was left unattended.
Glasgow will host games at Hampden Park during Euro 2020, it has been confirmed.
Former Irish foreign minister Peter Barry has died at the age of 86.
Former Philippine Senator Miriam Defensor Santiago has died at the age of 71, her husband said.
A power failure on the railway caused disruption for thousands of commuters for more than an hour.
The number of people in the UK who were victims of identity fraud rose by 57% in the past year, according to the UK's leading fraud prevention service.
Miles Jupp is to be the new host of BBC Radio 4's The News Quiz when it returns for series 88.
The number of serious offences committed by dangerous offenders under supervision in the community has risen by 27%, figures show.
The turnout at polling stations in Northern Ireland for the 2017 assembly election was 60%, according to the Electoral Office.
Southampton City Council has announced plans to save £1.35m by cutting day and residential care services.
Lost recordings of Bob Marley concerts thought to have been lost for 40 years have been restored.
Indian anti-corruption campaigner Anna Hazare has been on a hunger strike for 12 days in a prison in the capital, Delhi.
A giant black hole in a neighbouring galaxy has been caught snoozing for the first time in 10 years.
More than 200 janitors in Glasgow are set to strike again in a dispute over payments for dirty jobs.
Scottish soul singer Matt Monro Jr has died at the age of 64.
Scotland has experienced its wettest winter on record in 2016, according to the Met Office.
A black cab driver who admitted attacking two women in his taxi has been jailed for 12 years.
Rory McIlroy shot a final-round 65 to win the Deutsche Bank Championship by two strokes.
Alastair Cook has stepped down as England captain after leading the side in 57 Test matches.
The last war chief of the Crow Nation, Joe Medicine Crow, has died at the age of 102.
Manchester United have signed England left-back Luke Shaw from Southampton for a fee in the region of £27m.
The last known Scottish survivor of the Nagasaki atomic bomb has died at the age of 97.
A new system for registering to vote will be introduced in 2014, the government has announced.
The chief executive and chairman of 7-Eleven Australia have resigned within 24 hours of each other amid a scandal over underpaying workers.
Horslips frontman Phil Lynott and folk singer Dominic Miller have been honoured at the 2016 BBC Radio 2 Folk Awards nominations.
(Close): The FTSE 100 had a strong start after a services sector index rose above expectations.
More than 20 dogs attended a Christmas carol service in Dorset.
The number of people requiring care for dementia is set to increase by 40% in the next 40 years, a report warns.
Africa's Cup of Nations will be expanded to 24 teams for the 2019 finals, the Confederation of African Football (Caf) has announced.
The European Commission has asked the UK's competition regulator to investigate Hutchison Whampoa's plan to buy O2.
A Nottinghamshire man has been sent a £6,200 bill after his wife's funeral.
A Florida prosecutor who said she would not seek the death penalty in any case has been stripped of 22 murder cases by the governor.
A new Welsh tax collection body will be established in 2018, the Welsh government has announced.
The US has agreed to buy a shipment of heavy water from Iran for the first time since the 1979 Islamic Revolution and the signing of the 2015 nuclear deal.
A 17-year-old student found dead in a park had been raped, police have said.
Mountain biking will be reinstated at the 2019 Island Games in Gibraltar, Guernsey's Island Games chairman has confirmed.
Valentine's Day is on 14 February.
A 30-year-old man has been charged with possession of an imitation firearm after a police investigation into a domestic incident.
A teenager who stabbed a boy to death in west London has been jailed.
A fire at a bar in Blackpool has left 30 people homeless.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan wants to give Craig Beattie a chance to revive his international career before the 2018 World Cup.
Climbing is set to make its debut at the Tokyo 2020 Olympics, the International Olympic Committee has confirmed.
An investigation has been launched into the handling of child sexual exploitation cases in Rotherham by 10 police officers.
McLaren boss Ron Dennis says the team are used to losing after experiencing their worst season for 30 years.
Bernie Ecclestone has cast doubt on a new qualifying format for Formula 1, saying it will not be ready for the start of the season.
Liverpool have agreed a £29m deal to sign Hoffenheim striker Roberto Firmino.
A major expansion of a Harris Tweed mill is to go ahead, creating 30 new jobs.
Polls have opened in the Irish general election, which is taking place on 26 February.
The amount of junk email sent to people has fallen below 50% for the first time in 13 years, according to security firm Symantec.
Salford will be without half-back Robert Lui for up to 20 weeks after fracturing his cheekbone.
Microsoft has stopped allowing users to disable the Windows Store in Windows 10 version 1607.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens has been named the big winner at the 2016 MTV Movie Awards.
A man has been charged in connection with the shooting of a man on the M62 in West Yorkshire.
A 16-day campaign to end violence against women and girls has been launched by the world's largest girls' organisation.
A man who was cleared of rape 18 years ago has lost his legal bid to have a sexual risk order lifted.
Two people have been killed and 35 injured when an Amtrak train struck a backhoe and derailed in Pennsylvania.
China has announced it will close its legal ivory market by the end of 2017.
A woman accused of murdering a 92-year-old has denied the charge.
Two teenagers, both aged 17, have been charged with the murders of a mother and daughter in Lincolnshire.
Eastleigh ended the match with 10 men as they lost to Woking in the National League.
A 15-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with the rape of a 13-year-old girl.
Karen Danczuk has announced she will stand for Parliament in the general election on 8 June.
Sam Simon, the co-creator of The Simpsons, has died at the age of 59.
Coldplay have announced their seventh studio album will be called A Head Full Of Dreams and will be released in December 2015.
The trial of Irish citizen Ibrahim Halawa has been postponed for the 18th time, it has been confirmed.
A 46-year-old man has been arrested in connection with a cannabis factory in Bo'ness.
Paul Hollywood has confirmed The Great British Bake Off will move to Channel 4, saying the show "won't change".
Aneurin Donald says Glamorgan are determined to keep their T20 Blast form going after their quarter-final qualification.
The final flight of an iconic yellow plane which has been in service for 35 years has taken off from Guernsey.
A man who was cleared of rape is challenging an interim order that restricts his use of the internet for 90 days.
More than 40 firefighters have battled a blaze at a recycling plant in Newry.
A man has appeared in court charged with the kidnap and shooting dead of a man in 1998.
The number of people in the South West of England who have fallen ill with a cryptosporidium bug has reached 300.
Chinese police have detained 18 people suspected of promoting gambling in Macau, including 15 people working for an Australian casino company.
Thailand has transferred more than 50 police officers to the southern border area to tackle human trafficking, the prime minister says.
At least 12 people have been killed in eastern China after Typhoon Soudelor made landfall, state media report.
A university has revealed 50 European students have withdrawn from its courses following the Brexit vote.
The home of Sir Walter Scott is to be explored for wild food 200 years after his death.
Michael Dunlop and Derek Sheils were among the winners at the Cookstown 100 in County Tyrone.
Nine-time world champion Valentino Rossi won his first MotoGP race in 18 months at the San Marino Grand Prix.
Seven men have been jailed for up to 15 years for their part in the attempted murder of a drug dealer.
A new film version of the classic 1949 Ealing comedy Whisky Galore is to be released in cinemas next month.
A high-speed rail link between Leeds and Manchester should have stops in Bradford and York, a report has said.
Wales women suffered their first defeat in their Euro 2017 qualifier in Israel on Tuesday.
A Scottish island which has been without a reliable electricity supply for more than 40 years is to get a new system.
The founder of the micronation Sealand has died at the age of 91.
The health minister has intervened in a dispute over the underfunding of £30m for learning disability services in the west of Northern Ireland.
A lost chapel of the 15th Century Battle of Towton has been found, archaeologists believe.
Aldershot drew their first home game of the season as 10-man York held them to a goalless draw.
Algeria have appointed Fernando Alcaraz as coach just 24 hours after parting company with Ait Mengueli.
A wedding dress sent for cleaning 10 days after the ceremony has been found, 24 hours after the shop closed.
Callum Butchart will lead the Great Britain team in the 3,000m at the European Cross Country Championships.
A new steel processing factory in Caerphilly county is to create 20 jobs.
West Ham striker Andy Carroll could make his return to action against Manchester United on 17 January.
Hampshire have extended the stay of West Indies fast bowler Fidel Edwards until the end of the 2017 season.
BBC Sport has all the information you need to follow the 2016 Ryder Cup.
Actor and voice actor Clive Revill has died at the age of 86.
A man who killed 25 people in a bus crash in Taiwan last year had been planning to commit suicide, prosecutors say.
Essex lead Leicestershire by 47 after the third day of their Division Two match at Chelmsford.
A 50-year-old former patient has come forward to accuse a late GP of sexually abusing him.
Harlequins have signed American football player Psalm Wooching on a short-term contract for the World Rugby Under-20 tournament in Mauritius.
A toddler who fell 50ft (15m) from a window at a family gathering in Minneapolis has survived.
McLaren have confirmed that Jost Capito has left the company, just months after he joined as president of the Formula 1 team.
A 16-year-old boy says he spends a quarter of an hour photoshopping his online profile pictures because he is so worried about his body image.
The UK new car market grew for the fifth consecutive year in 2016, according to the industry.
A Chinese Under-18 team could play against German regional league sides in 2017, according to the German Football League.
Germany is the economic powerhouse of Europe, and the driving force behind the eurozone.
A 35-year-old woman has admitted killing her toddler daughter but said her eldest son was the "prime candidate".
Yorkshire lost three England batsmen in the space of four balls as they fell behind on 91 on the first day of their Championship match against Nottinghamshire.
A car bomb explosion in eastern Iraq has killed at least 15 people, police say.
The family of US comedian Joan Rivers has settled a lawsuit with a New York clinic over her death at the age of 81.
At least 34 people have been killed in an attack by Islamic State (IS) militants on the Iraqi city of Tikrit.
People born 10 years apart are living longer and in better health, according to a study of two generations of people in Denmark.
Police are searching for a 72-year-old man who has gone missing from his home in Greenock.
Sickness absences among ambulance staff in Wales have fallen below 7% for the first time in three years.
A Kosovan hacker has pleaded guilty to leaking the personal details of more than 1,000 US military personnel and government employees.
The death toll in landslides in Hiroshima has risen to 36, Japanese officials say.
Wada has criticised the lack of drugs tests on players in La Liga for 12 months.
Edinburgh head coach Alan Solomons says his side have closed the gap on Glasgow in the Pro12.
A hospital has reported 22 cases of cancer patients not being followed up after treatment.
Morecambe have released midfielder Jim Murphy, 24, and left-back Liam Wakefield.
A helicopter crash in western Siberia has killed at least 18 people, Russian officials say.
About 200 steelworkers from different parts of the UK have marched in London to protest against the industry's crisis.
Poet John Agard has been awarded the 2013 CBE in the New Year Honours list.
The celebrity astrologer Jonathan Cainer has died at the age of 57, the Daily Mail has said.
Spanish rider Michael Maeso is set to make his comeback at the 2016 North West 200.
A new DNA test could help solve a 1930 murder after 86 families whose DNA was ruled out as the victim were identified.
A man who was critically injured in a shooting 13 years ago has died.
The number of births in Scotland has reached its highest level for 13 years.
A 19th Century hospital building has been destroyed by fire.
Gareth Southgate may take over the senior England team on a temporary basis while the Football Association search for a new manager.
People are being charged an average of £1,966 to withdraw money from their pension pots, a survey by Citizens Advice has found.
45 Years has been nominated for four awards at the 2016 Evening Standard British Film Awards.
Two men have been found guilty of grooming a 13-year-old girl and a 14-year-old girl.
India and Pakistan have agreed to hold talks for the first time in 10 years.
Tram tracks which were laid in Nottingham 100 years ago have been unearthed.
A wind farm in County Londonderry that will power 6,000 homes has been given the go-ahead by the environment minister.
UK cities have formally expressed an interest in bidding to host the 2022 Commonwealth Games.
An investigation has been launched into claims the 111 NHS hotline is understaffed and poorly managed.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has executed 15 senior officials, South Korea's spy agency has told parliament.
Eight-division world champion Manny Pacquiao will fight for the WBA welterweight title against Cuba's Yordenis Vargas on 5 November.
At least 10 people have died and dozens have been injured in flash floods in Mauritius.
The draw of the British boxers for the Rio 2016 Olympics has been completed.
More than 100 vehicles have been found after a company which parked them for customers at Gatwick Airport ceased trading.
Bangladesh defeated Ireland by 24 runs in their final warm-up match before the Women's World Twenty20.
A man has been charged with the murder of a 19-year-old woman found dead in a field.
A housing officer is alleged to have turned down a four-bedroom house for a family of 10.
Hillary Clinton has a commanding lead over Bernie Sanders in the race for Democratic delegates, according to the latest estimates.
An ambulance service criticised for its response times is recruiting 200 more paramedics to try to improve them.
A band that played on through the Battle of the Somme is marking the 100th anniversary of the conflict.
An Indian man held in a Pakistani jail for 30 years has been freed and returned home.
Police are to investigate claims that an informer passed information to the security services about the IRA bomb attack in east Belfast in 1993.
New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum scored 56 in his final Test innings as the hosts fought back against Australia.
The Bosnian Serb entity has held a referendum to make 9 January a public holiday, but the vote has been declared invalid.
A 12-year-old boy who is at risk of being taken out of England by his parents has been made a ward of court.
Afghanistan says it is doing everything it can to secure the release of 30 Shia Muslim pilgrims kidnapped in the south of the country.
More than 150 scientists have signed a letter urging the Olympics to be postponed or moved because of the Zika virus threat.
A fire at a former car dealership has destroyed 35 cars and damaged another 60.
A council put in special measures 18 months ago has been told it is still not doing enough to improve standards in schools.
Protestors have taken to the streets of the Rwandan capital, Kigali, to demand the release of an indicted military chief accused of war crimes during the 1994
California has dropped a proposal to cut petroleum use by 50% in the state by 2030 from a climate change bill.
Ryanair has announced 14 new routes from Scotland next summer, including five from Edinburgh Airport.
Two French pilots arrested in the Dominican Republic in 2013 have returned to France, officials say.
Women who have their tonsils or appendix removed are more likely to get pregnant 10 years later, a study suggests.
Cardiff council has discussed a City Deal agreement worth £500m which could see the Welsh Government and UK government invest in the city.
A 60-year-old man is the first person in England to be served with a sexual risk order after being cleared of rape.
(Close): The FTSE 100 fell as investors worried about the cost of football rights and the price of oil.
The US airline Delta is in talks to buy up to 125 C Series planes from Bombardier, according to reports.
A 24-hour strike on Merseyrail services has begun, with both sides blaming each other for the dispute.
A year-long campaign to promote Wales' heritage has been launched by the Welsh Government.
The world's oldest person, a Japanese woman named Misao Okawa, has died at the age of 117.
Yorkshire have signed New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum for their 2016 County Championship campaign.
More than 100 wildfires have broken out in northern Spain, with strong winds hampering efforts to bring them under control.
Welsh climate change campaigners are urging the Welsh assembly to "step up" and show leadership.
McLaren Automotive is to create 250 new jobs at its Surrey factory, the company has announced.
Leinster ran in eight tries as they beat Zebre by 47 points to secure a home European Champions Cup quarter-final.
A £1m grant will help secure jobs at a shipyard, the Scottish government has said.
Cardiff Blues head coach Danny Wilson praised his side's character after they came back from 11 points down at half-time to beat Edinburgh.
Formula 1 has signed a partnership with Snapchat that will see the social media platform host video and photo content from races for the next two years.
Glasgow Warriors have signed New Zealand Sevens player Sean Maitland, who won the 2011 Under-20 World Cup with the All Blacks.
Channel 4 has pulled The Jump show after the fourth celebrity injury.
Lionel Messi has met the boy who became an internet sensation after being pictured in a Messi shirt made from a plastic bag while promoting the 2022 World Cup in Qatar.
A 12-year-old girl is among 11 people shot at a Chicago vigil for a woman who was killed.
Facebook's "Year in Review" feature, released in 2014, has led to the selection of distressing images for some users.
Derbyshire took a firm grip on their Division Two match against Worcestershire as the visitors need 279 to avoid an innings defeat on the final day.
Austrian prosecutors say they have charged two men with involvement in the 13 November attacks in Paris that killed 130 people.
The 17-year-old cellist Sheku Kanneh-Mason has won the BBC Young Musician of the Year award.
British artist Michael Landy has won the Artes Mundi 7 prize for his installation in a disused shop in London.
British driver Jolyon Palmer will remain with the Renault Sport Formula 1 team in 2017.
The trial of a Dublin teenager held in an Egyptian prison for more than two years has been adjourned for the 15th time.
Cornish Lithium has secured £1m of investment to explore for lithium in old tin mines.
A reinvestigation into the murder of a Lanarkshire woman almost 10 years ago is to be carried out.
Haas have launched their 2017 car, the VF-17, at their factory in North Carolina.
A design contract for the dual carriageway of the A96 between Inverness and Huntly has been published by the Scottish government.
(Close): The FTSE 100 fell slightly as mining shares were hit by falls in metals prices.
Drivers in the UK are most likely to experience traffic congestion in 23 cities, according to a new study.
More than 90% of actors who voted in a strike in the video game industry have backed the move.
An export bar has been placed on a French Impressionist painting by Paul Cezanne until December 2015.
S Club have announced a reunion tour for 2015 - 13 years after they first split.
More than 500 cyclists have had their bikes stolen by muggers in London over the past year, figures obtained by the BBC show.
Foreign ministers from the US-led coalition against IS are meeting in Paris to discuss the situation in Iraq.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has pledged to invest £1bn in the UK's coastal towns.
More than 100 people were treated for breathing problems after a chemical incident at a swimming pool.
The US government seized data from more than 380 Facebook accounts, a court has ruled.
Leicestershire have signed Ireland international Kevin O'Brien for this summer's T20 Blast.
Ukraine has held its first gay pride march, with about 100 people taking part in the event in the capital, Kiev.
The former owner of BHS has had 12 points added to his driving licence after being caught speeding.
Barnsley have promoted assistant boss Paul Heckingbottom to head coach on a two-year contract.
The Welsh government is to force 10 councils into mergers, BBC Wales has learned.
The developer behind a series of hotel projects in Liverpool has bought the former Scottish Mutual headquarters in Belfast for £15m.
Shares in German carmaker Daimler have dropped 5% after it said it was investigating possible manipulation of emissions tests.
A far-right party has secured its biggest presence in the Australian Senate in almost 20 years.
A new image of a man sought by police investigating the disappearance of a girl 33 years ago has been released.
Labour MP Ann Clwyd has said she will stand again for the Cynon Valley seat, which she has held for 32 years.
More than 40 people died around Scotland's coastline last year, according to the Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI).
The Scottish Cup final between Rangers and Celtic will be played on Saturday 28 May.
A man has become the first person to swim the length of the River Severn in 14 days.
Two 17-year-old boys who died in a suspected double suicide have been named.
South African police have detained more than 700 African migrants and their deportation has been halted, a court has ruled.
A £16m research project to study dementia has been announced by the UK government.
A 3D-printed beak has been fitted to a turtle in Turkey, after the marine animal lost its original in a fishing accident.
A boy was abused by a man who pretended to be his boyfriend when he was 15, a charity has said.
Charlotte Edwards has retired from playing for Kent after 17 years with the county.
A Scottish castle where events believed to have inspired Shakespeare's Hamlet are thought to have taken place is marking its 450th anniversary.
The Davis Cup and Fed Cup finals are to be merged into a new World Cup of Tennis from 2019.
A private funeral has been held for a police officer murdered 25 years ago while on duty.
Clara Amfo is to take over from Jameela Jamil on BBC Radio 1's Official Chart Show.
The Home Office is to release 30 files relating to the Battle of Orgreave, it has been announced.
A 100-year-old man has put his love of running and a glass of wine down to his longevity.
A driver who was caught going at speeds of up to 140mph has been banned from the road.
A £12m office development in Wolverhampton city centre has been scrapped.
More than 100 council employees were underpaid by a new payroll system, it has been revealed.
Red Bull have taken up an option to keep Spaniard Carlos Sainz at Toro Rosso for 2017.
A tooth belonging to King John is to go on display to mark the 800th anniversary of Magna Carta.
A suicide attack at a dog-fighting competition in southern Afghanistan has killed at least 20 people, officials say.
The University of Lincoln has been awarded £10m to develop a new health science centre.
Drake's single One Dance has remained at number one on the UK singles chart for a 14th week.
Samsung is to re-release the Galaxy Note 7 smartphone, the model it recalled last year after fires broke out.
A former manager has been banned for 18 months after placing bets against his own team in 18 games in the Southern League season.
Scotland Under-20 fly-half Blair Kinghorn has signed a new two-year contract with Edinburgh.
John Lewis has appointed its first female managing director, Paula Nickolds, who has been with the retailer for 22 years.
The Irish government has pardoned a man who was executed for murder 75 years ago.
Snooker is making a bid to be included in the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
Leicester Riders forward Rob Sutherland has retired from basketball at the age of 35.
Teachers have marched through a Powys town in protest at plans to close 19 schools in the county.
Three former care workers who sexually abused boys at a school have been jailed for a total of 35 years.
Celtic players have paid tribute to a 13-year-old boy who died suddenly.
A 94-year-old Nigerian man has died after starting secondary school.
Tom Smith hit a second career double century as Hampshire led Lancashire by 478 runs on the second day.
More than 60 jobs are to go at the Motherwell manufacturing plant of Terex Trucks.
A 73-year-old woman has been robbed by a man who claimed to be a plumber while working on her roof.
EU rules have led to a 25% fall in the number of clinical trials in Europe, German doctors say.
The Colombian government has called for an update on an investigation into the alleged sexual abuse of underage girls by US soldiers in 2009.
A 13-year-old girl has taken a selfie with Prince William after asking him if she could.
A £2m scheme to help people with mental health problems get into sport is being launched.
Being moderately overweight is no longer harmful to health, a study of the weight and health of thousands of people over 40 years suggests.
Shares in rare stamp dealer Stanley Gibbons have dropped 12% after it said it was exploring a sale.
The Troon club has voted to end its 200-year-old men-only membership policy.
Glamorgan beat Gloucestershire by 52 runs to record their first win of the season in the One-Day Cup.
Scarlets beat 14-man Leinster to earn a first home win in the Pro12 since September.
Sri Lanka have named fast bowler Lasith Malinga as skipper for the World Twenty20 in India next month.
A man who admitted killing a man in a one-punch attack has been jailed for seven years.
Katie Barker says she will be happy with a medal at the Rio Olympics if the team pursuit set a new world record.
At least 48 people have been killed by Typhoon Bopha in the southern Philippines, officials say.
Police are monitoring up to 190 brothels in Swindon, many of which are "pop-up" brothels.
Newcastle United manager Steve McClaren says the club's failure to sign a striker in January was "disappointing" despite spending £50m.
Gary Neville and Ryan Giggs are to revise plans to build two 30-storey skyscrapers in Manchester.
A 19-year-old soldier from York has been killed in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has said.
Home Depot has revealed that hackers stole 53 million email addresses in a data breach that has affected millions of customers.
Former Congolese Prime Minister Etienne Tshisekedi has died in Belgium at the age of 84, his party says.
At least 20 people were injured by turbulence on an Air Canada flight from Vancouver to Sydney, Australia, on Thursday.
Glamorgan have extended Jacques Rudolph's contract until the end of the 2016 season.
The chief executive of Northampton Borough Council has resigned after 10 years in the role.
An NHS trust which was put into special measures has been given £20m to improve patient care.
(Close): The S&P 500 index closed at a record high for the 11th consecutive day, as Wall Street rose for a third straight session.
People have been warned they will be turned away from polling stations on 7 May if they have not registered to vote by 20 April.
The NFL will stage four games in London in 2017, the league has announced.
Scarlets moved top of the Pro12 table with a narrow win over Ulster at Parc y Scarlets.
A convicted murderer has been awarded more than £800 in compensation for the loss of his possessions during a prison transfer.
Former world champion Amir Khan believes MMA will overtake boxing in terms of popularity by 2020.
A theatre is celebrating 150 years of a panto tradition that has seen the likes of Tony Hancock and David Hasselhoff tread the boards.
The Ordnance Survey (OS) has created a virtual 4,409ft mountain for a new mobile phone game.
Scotland's most successful badminton player, Kirsty Gilmour Bankier, has announced her retirement at the age of 23.
Ireland suffered a 255-run one-day international defeat by Pakistan in the first of three matches in the series in Dublin.
The number of police officers Wales has lost since the Conservatives took power is 750, Plaid Cymru has claimed.
A collapsed Chinese investment deal will not have a long-term impact on Scotland's business relationship with China, it has been claimed.
Lancashire's hopes of avoiding relegation were dealt a blow as play was abandoned with the hosts 225 runs behind Middlesex.
More than 90% of Volkswagen diesel car owners believe they should be compensated for the fall in their cars' value, a survey suggests.
A railway station which last served passengers 30 years ago has reopened.
Stephen Milne broke his own British 50m freestyle record as he won gold at the British Championships in Sheffield.
Paramedics treated 10 people after a suspected chemical attack at a college.
Girls worldwide start doing more housework than boys from the age of five, a new report says.
A BBC presenter and his wife have been charged with sexual offences dating back more than 15 years.
A 46-year-old man has appeared in court in Dublin after being arrested in Donegal on Thursday.
Calderdale Council has set aside £1m to help communities recover from the Boxing Day floods.
Cardigan Castle is to reopen after a £10m restoration project.
Scotland were beaten by 25 runs by Pakistan in their first match of the two-day international series in Edinburgh.
The number of children reported missing in Wales rose by more than 50% in the past year, according to new figures.
A service has been held to mark 40 years since an RAF jet crash killed five people.
Worcestershire captain Alex Gidman has been forced to retire at the age of 34 because of a finger injury.
Almost all clinical trials for Alzheimer's drugs have failed or been discontinued, a study suggests.
A 25-year-old man has been jailed for a second time for an armed robbery in which a shopkeeper was threatened with a screwdriver.
A gas leak has forced the evacuation of about 150 people in south-east London.
Southern rail workers are to be balloted for strike action over a dispute over working hours, the RMT union has said.
Phyllida Barlow has been named as the British artist to represent at the Venice Biennale in 2017.
The remains of two soldiers killed in action 70 years ago have been laid to rest in a ceremony at a military cemetery in Belgium.
More than 1,000 historic buildings and sites in England in a poor state have been added to a heritage at risk register.
British lifter Rebekah Tiler won her second Commonwealth Games gold with a stunning performance in the -63kg.
South Africa has closed 16 schools because of fears that children could be caught in gang crossfire.
A 37-year-old woman who was due to be deported to Africa has had her removal put on hold, her MP has said.
A £50m development project by Legal & General and a council has been abandoned.
Northern Ireland needs to train 10 radiologists a year to meet demand, the BBC has learned.
Jonathan Sexton is set to return for Leinster in Saturday's Pro12 game against Ulster at the RDS.
A council has published plans to sell off assets over the next 10 years to save money.
An Aberdeen shipping firm which received £5m of public money has gone into administration.
A school that planned to let pupils leave early to watch England's Euro 2016 match on 16 June has changed its mind.
A 92-year-old woman died after falling down sliding doors at a supermarket, an inquest has heard.
Widnes full-back Danny Houghton has extended his stay at the club until the end of 2018.
The M8 motorway has been closed in both directions between Baillieston and Eurocentral as part of an upgrade.
A £2m government scheme aimed at helping parents with advice on bringing up children was a "complete failure", Labour has said.
A 101-year-old woman mugged in north London has appealed for information to find her attacker.
McDonald's has extended its sponsorship deal with the International Olympic Committee until 2020.
A tattoo artist who filmed women in his studio has been jailed for 10 years.
Severe turbulence has injured 22 people on board a China Eastern Airlines flight from Paris to Kunming, the airline says.
A steel firm in Newport has gone into administration with the loss of more than 100 jobs.
Hong Kong beat Scotland by nine wickets in the second Twenty20 match of their series in Hong Kong.
A 15-year-old boy has been jailed for raping two girls.
Snap has set its initial share price on Wall Street at $17, valuing the company at more than $24bn.
More than 100 patients may have been omitted from hospital waiting lists, a health trust has admitted.
A book that was overdue for 80 years has been returned to a library in County Meath.
The first 200 of 300 US paratroopers have arrived in western Ukraine to train the army, the US military says.
Campaigners have gathered to try to save a 150-year-old tree from being felled.
A woman was pulled from under a double-decker bus which crashed in west London, leaving 11 people injured, including the driver.
Wet and windy weather is being brought to parts of Ireland by Storm Abigail.
India and Bangladesh have signed an agreement to end a border dispute that has lasted more than 40 years.
Ulster have called off the move of South African Arno Botha to the province with immediate effect from 1 June.
Mining giant Vedanta Resources has said it plans to buy a 12% stake in Anglo American.
Forensic experts in Libya have uncovered 15 bodies in a shallow grave in the capital, Tripoli.
A stately home built in the 18th Century is to be put up for sale.
Ofcom has said it will defend Three from a takeover by rival mobile network O2.
Goodness Gracious Me is to return for a one-off special to celebrate the show's 20th anniversary.
A bun-throwing event has been held in Oxfordshire to mark the 90th anniversary of the monarch.
The NHS is in the red by £630m, a think-tank has said.
Africa has gone two years without a case of wild polio virus, the last case being recorded in 2014.
A new agreement between the teams and Formula 1 has been reached, the sport has announced.
Kenya's Jemima Sumgong won her third New York City Marathon in a women's race dominated by her compatriots.
Shares in John Menzies rose by more than 10% after the logistics group announced the takeover of US-based Asig.
Gold seized from a VAT fraud gang is expected to sell for more than £1m at an auction in Northern Ireland.
The country sports industry in Scotland could be worth £185m by 2020, the Scottish government has said.
Personal data for more than 1,000 O2 customers has been put up for sale on the dark net, the BBC has learned.
A 10-strong Scottish family is launching a new Cancer Research UK event.
Tunisia is the only country to have ousted its long-serving president following the 2011 Arab Spring uprising.
Police Scotland has confirmed that five of 61 police stations in Scotland will retain public counters despite reforms.
Olympic gymnast and Strictly winner Louis Smith has won the 2014 Christmas special of the BBC One show.
More than 300 jobs have been saved at a Caparo steel tube business in the West Midlands.
A former Mercedes executive who carried out a £1m fraud has been jailed for 32 months.
Formula 1 team bosses have welcomed the sale of a 35% stake in the sport to Liberty Media.
Marie-Ange Koutou is one of the 100 women featured in the BBC's annual list of inspirational women.
A man has been charged with the murder of a 24-year-old woman who was found dead at a hotel.
England's record goalscorer Wayne Rooney is not a striker any more, says the man who holds the record for most caps.
A letter sent in a bottle 23 years ago has been found in the Caribbean.
A man who was fatally struck by a car while walking on the A78 in North Ayrshire has been named by police.
England Under-19 wicketkeeper-batsman Owen Donald is unconcerned about security in Bangladesh ahead of the World Cup.
Chinese tech giant Lenovo has reported a 24% rise in second-quarter net profit, as it expands into mobile devices.
Southampton ended a 28-year wait for a win at Old Trafford with a well-earned victory over Manchester United.
A wedding venue which cancelled 28 weddings has been placed into liquidation.
President Trump has thanked President Putin for expelling 755 US diplomatic staff from Russia.
A man who grabbed a 15-year-old girl as she walked home has been described by police as having "teeth behind his teeth".
Former England Under-17 coach John Peacock has returned to Derby County as the club's assistant manager.
The use of public transport in Scotland has declined since 2006, according to a new report.
A memorial to those killed in a World War One munitions factory explosion 100 years ago has been given listed status.
The 28-year-old founder of 4chan has been hired by Google.
London schools could lose £360m a year under government plans to overhaul school funding, a report has said.
Nico Rosberg's Formula 1 championship lead over Lewis Hamilton has been reduced to one point after a penalty for Mercedes.
Microsoft has announced the launch of Windows 10, the latest version of its operating system.
Austria will bring in a total ban on smoking in restaurants, cafes and bars from 2018.
University applications from UK students have fallen by 6% - the biggest drop since fees were introduced.
Two rare Roman glass dishes made in the 2nd Century have been unearthed in a Hertfordshire field.
A missing doctor has been found after a major search involving more than 100 emergency services.
UK housebuilding fell in the final three months of 2014, the first fall in 10 months, official figures show.
Nigel Farage missed BBC Question Time after becoming stuck in traffic on the A1.
Nicole Kidman says she is trying to act as if she is starting her career again, despite having 10 films at Cannes Film Festival.
At least 103 people have been injured in a train derailment in New York City, officials say.
Forcing young people to vote in general elections from the age of 16 could help reverse a decline in democracy, a think tank has said.
The girlfriend of a British backpacker murdered in Australia 10 years ago says she is prepared to "become a murderer" to find his body.
The Liberal Democrats have suffered their heaviest defeat in 50 years in Liverpool.
Australia's share market surged 5% on Monday, with mining shares leading the way.
The parents of two boys who were on board missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 have settled their lawsuit against the airline.
A World War Two veteran has been presented with a medal created 70 years after his service.
More than 80 million records of personal data have been leaked online, a security researcher has said.
Former Birmingham City and Manchester United manager Freddie Goodwin has died at the age of 84.
US musician Arthur "Guitar Boogie" Smith has died at the age of 93.
A police force has received 30 applicants for the job of chief constable after advertising the role using "ploddledegook".
A 4ft snake that escaped from a flat was found curled up in a drawer.
Two British soldiers who were killed in Afghanistan had served 36 years between them in the Irish Guards.
A cat that was trapped inside a van for 100 miles has been found by a good Samaritan.
Shares of Time Warner and Walt Disney fell more than 9% after the release of their quarterly results.
Tomas Borge, a key figure in Nicaragua's Sandinista movement, has died aged 82.
A submerged road has been revealed after 50 years under a loch.
A bus driver who ignored a road closure sign and left 26 schoolchildren stranded in flood water has been criticised.
Formula 1 world champion Lewis Hamilton will not face action after filming himself on a mobile phone while driving a motorbike.
England will be without their leading goal scorer Crista Cullen at the 2014 Hockey World Cup.
The sister of a woman who went missing 20 years ago has said she is "hopeful" after three men were arrested on suspicion of her murder.
A woman has admitted defrauding her late mother's pension schemes for more than 20 years.
Plans to straighten a hairpin bend on the A9 have been published by Transport Scotland.
Brazil's Senate has voted by 53-19 to approve a controversial austerity measure.
West Brom have turned down a £15m bid from Tottenham Hotspur for striker Saido Berahino.
A 56-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with the disappearance of a Metropolitan Police officer.
Vicky Holland and Helen Jenkins will compete for a spot at the 2016 Rio Olympics in Abu Dhabi on Saturday.
Government eavesdropping agency GCHQ is aiming to recruit 500 students for its summer schools.
The Ivory Coast government has increased the budget for the national team ahead of the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations.
A council has been warned it will be "dangerous" to cut 10 fire engines from its fleet.
Two poems by JRR Tolkien have been discovered in a school magazine published 80 years ago.
The number of breweries in Wales is at its highest for more than 100 years, according to industry experts.
Older patients with type-2 diabetes may not gain much from medication, a study suggests.
Tyson Fury has been named Ring magazine fighter of the year 2015.
Oil services group Wood Group has seen half-year revenues and profits drop by more than 15%.
Flintshire council is to hold a series of public meetings to try to find ways of saving £21m over the next three years.
At 7ft tall, Steven Adams is a unique player in the NBA.
HP has cancelled orders made on its website after it accidentally offered laptops and desktops at a 99% discount.
A man has stabbed five people in a supermarket in Hamburg, leaving one woman in a critical condition.
Boris Johnson has been criticised for claiming the UK pays £350m a week to the EU budget after deducting the rebate.
At least 107 people have been killed in the collapse of a construction crane at the Grand Mosque in the Saudi city of Mecca.
The cost of the Aberdeen bypass has risen to more than £745m, the Scottish government has confirmed.
The Police Federation in Northern Ireland has launched a £1m fund to help officers suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
An escaped prisoner who was convicted of burglary and theft has been caught after 32 years on the run.
Malaysian police have arrested more than 100 people suspected of links to so-called Islamic State (IS).
The government has proposed writing off more than £20m of debt for the airline Aurigny.
Former world heavyweight champion Frank Bruno should not return to boxing at the age of 54, says Matchroom promoter Eddie Hearn.
Leicester City are on course to win the 2015-16 Premier League title after a remarkable season.
Australia have named an unchanged starting XV for their World Cup match against England at Twickenham on Saturday, 19 September.
The personal details of more than 100 vulnerable adults were posted online by a county council, it has emerged.
A famous Indian tiger, known as the "Queen of Ranthambore", has died at the age of 19.
Kris Commons has joined Hibernian on loan until 3 January.
More than 700 children have been identified as victims of sexual abuse in football over the past year, police have said.
Litter louts who drop rubbish from a moving car in London will face a £150 fine, it has been announced.
A 92-year-old former Auschwitz guard has died in Germany, just days before his trial was due to start.
The number of councils in Wales that have stopped providing a free pest control service has risen to 10.
Tottenham reached the last 32 of the Europa League with a draw at Fiorentina.
The Prince of Wales has backed an appeal to secure the future of the Harrogate International Festivals as it marks its 50th anniversary.
Two piers in Blackpool, measuring a total of 491m, have been sold.
A service has been held to mark the 40th anniversary of the Birmingham pub bombings which killed 21 people.
A 69-year-old woman has died in a two-vehicle collision on the A92 near Forfar.
The death toll from wildfires in Tennessee has risen to 13, as officials warn that fires could rekindle.
A beacon has been lit on the summit of Snowdon to mark the 90th birthday of the Queen.
Durham cruised to a 16-run One-Day Cup victory over Leicestershire at Chester-le-Street.
The Turkish government has ordered the arrest of 128 journalists and media workers over alleged links to Fethullah Gulen, accused of masterminding last July's failed coup.
The iconic hotel in Tokyo that was the setting for many a James Bond adventure is to be demolished after 50 years.
The Duchess of Cambridge has marked the 150th anniversary of a treaty between the UK and Luxembourg during a visit to the country.
A Typhoon fighter jet has been painted to mark the 75th anniversary of the Battle of Britain.
Ten of the world's biggest oil and gas producers have signed a declaration to limit global warming to 2C.
Two men who stole more than £1,000 worth of items from a sex shop have been given suspended prison sentences.
Services have been held to mark 70 years since the end of World War Two in the Pacific.
Lancashire beat Durham by 10 runs to record their first Championship win of the season.
A new railway station is to open in a Derbyshire town for the first time in nearly 50 years.
A former pastor has been sent back to Rwanda to face trial for leading attacks on minority Tutsis during the 1994 genocide.
The body responsible for collecting the Scottish government's new taxes collected almost £600m in its first year of operation.
The air quality in London was not worse than Beijing's last week.
A £30m package of improvements to Hull's transport and cultural sites has been given the go-ahead.
A 17th Century estate could be handed back to the National Trust.
The oldest stone bridge in Scotland is to be celebrated on its 300th anniversary.
A Russian attack helicopter has crashed during a display, killing one person and seriously injuring another.
The BBC is to make 24 additional channels available to viewers to watch the Olympics, it has announced.
A new smart motorway scheme has been introduced on the M6.
Police have arrested 19 men following the Old Firm match at Hampden on Saturday.
A coach driver has been hailed a hero after helping to evacuate schoolchildren from a coach fire on the M6.
Tube drivers are to stage three 24-hour strikes in a dispute over plans to introduce a Night Tube service.
England batsman Ian Bell has signed a new contract to remain with Warwickshire until 2019.
US Senator Lindsey Graham has said he will launch his 2016 presidential campaign in two weeks.
A bridge-making firm in Monmouthshire has announced it is to close its infrastructure division with the loss of 150 jobs.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says he cannot prepare his players for the pressure of a Euro 2016 penalty shoot-out.
Venezuela's opposition leader Henrique Capriles has been banned from holding public office for 15 years.
Japan's benchmark share index closed up more than 1.8% on Thursday, despite a fall in consumer prices.
Warwickshire have signed New Zealand batsman Grant Elliott for the first half of the 2017 season.
David Cameron's Downing Street cat is not liked, according to a new book.
Joe Ledley has been included in the Wales squad for Euro 2016 despite a doubt over his fitness.
Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino has signed a contract extension that will keep him at White Hart Lane until 2021.
England is to get its first plastic note, the Bank of England has announced.
Campaigners are to launch a petition against a 25% increase in the cost of a school bus pass.
Inver House Distillers has secured a refinancing deal worth £30m.
Swansea City have agreed a deal to sign Alberto Paloschi from Chievo for about £8m.
Gregor Townsend has been signed as Scotland coach until 2019, replacing Vern Cotter who has left the post.
Isle of Man newcomer Mark Saiger set the fastest lap of the opening practice session for the Classic TT.
BBC Radio 1 has appointed a new host for its Official Chart Show, which is moving to a new time slot on the station.
A 14-year-old girl remains in hospital after a suspected drug incident at a school.
A 10-year-old boy died after he was taken to the wrong hospital, it has been claimed.
The Labour candidate in a marginal seat has said he is undecided about whether he will support the HS2 high-speed rail project.
The number of people killed in fires in Scotland fell by almost a third last year, according to official figures.
Former Ulster GAA president Danny Murphy has died at the age of 67.
John Robertson has returned to management for the first time in three years by taking over at Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
A "huge mountain" of waste estimated to weigh 100 tonnes has been dumped on a railway embankment.
West Ham have agreed a deal to sell Dimitri Payet to Marseille for about £10m.
Former TV-am presenter Mike Morris has died at the age of 68 after a long illness.
The Champions League final in Cardiff will be played under a closed roof, the Football Association of Wales has confirmed.
Water companies have saved £1.25bn over the past five years because of lower interest payments and tax cuts, the spending watchdog has said.
Jack Ross has been appointed as the new manager of St Mirren on a contract until the summer of 2017.
The Football Association has announced a £17m scheme to create football hubs in Liverpool.
Professional boxers could compete in the 2016 Olympics in Rio, according to plans announced by the sport's world governing body.
The apple harvest in County Armagh has been described as "good" for the 10th year in a row.
The most searched-for people in the UK in 2014 have been revealed.
Two players have scored a hole-in-one on the same hole of a 18-hole golf course.
The Duke of Rutland has been banned from driving after being convicted of four speeding offences, taking his licence to 14 points.
A 15-year-old boy has been stabbed to death at a school in Aberdeen.
Former New Zealand international Sione Lauaki has died at the age of 34.
Six people have been arrested in counter-terrorism raids in London, the Metropolitan Police has said.
Wolves have sacked manager Walter Zenga after just 14 games in charge.
A 15-year-old girl was allegedly sexually assaulted and the incident live-streamed on Facebook, Chicago police say.
Police have arrested 15 people in connection with hacking attacks by the Anonymous group on government websites in Latin America.
Scientists have identified 37 viruses that pose the greatest threat to cause a global pandemic.
The couple who won £148m in the Euromillions draw have been revealed.
Up to 50 jobs could be lost at a quarry in Argyll, the GMB union has claimed.
Social media firms including Facebook, Twitter and YouTube have agreed to remove hate speech from their platforms within 24 hours.
Essex have withdrawn New Zealand batsman Tom Bruce from the T20 Blast with immediate effect.
Manx riders Cameron Donald and James Johnson will compete in the 2017 International Isle of Man TT races.
Work on a 300-flat development in Ipswich could resume in the next two years, the administrators have said.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, boosted by Unilever and a better-than-expected UK services survey.
The UK voted to leave the EU 10 days ago.
A former NHS chairman who defrauded health bodies of more than £1m has been jailed for 18 months.
Paul di Resta will remain as reserve driver for the Williams Formula 1 team in 2017.
The family of a man murdered in west Belfast 25 years ago have met police in a bid to have the case re-opened.
A 70-year-old woman's dog was attacked by burglars who broke into her home in the Black Country.
The companies chosen to build a new £91m arena in Bristol have been announced.
Spain's jobless rate fell last year to its lowest level in more than four years, official figures show.
Principality Building Society has said it achieved record mortgage lending in 2015.
A 21-year-old man has been injured in a shooting at a wedding in Londonderry.
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff has sold his remaining 5% shareholding in Williams.
Marcus Trescothick says it was a "special way to go out" after scoring his 76th first-class century in his final match.
More than 13 million children are out of school because of the conflicts in the Middle East and North Africa, a new report says.
Labour's shadow home secretary Diane Abbott has revealed she was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes before the general election.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has apologised for tackling a 10-year-old boy during a game of touch rugby in Japan.
A realistic human torso has been created for the first time in 30 years, using 3D printing.
Two Belgian police officers have been fined for accidentally crossing into France while transporting 13 African migrants.
A Northern Ireland couple who died in South Africa just 10 days after their wedding have been named.
Taking certain anti-depressants may increase the risk of type 2 diabetes, a study suggests.
The first of 1,100 new trains being introduced on the Thameslink network have arrived in the UK.
Sean Lamont says he is determined to extend his Scotland career and close the gap on Chris Paterson's 109-cap record.
Former Prime Minister Gordon Brown has said that 500,000 Irish people live in Britain.
The cost of holiday childcare in Wales has risen by almost 70% in the past year, a report has said.
A lawyer who avoided paying a train fare for 1,800 days has been ordered to pay back thousands of pounds.
Mining shares recovered from their previous day's losses to boost the FTSE 100.
Glamorgan will be without Australia international Shaun Tait for their T20 Blast quarter-final against Yorkshire.
A £10m restoration project for Gloucester Cathedral is to begin in the summer.
Striker Nile Ranger has been released from prison after serving 18 days for a fraud conviction.
A 3% increase in council tax has been approved by the county council.
(Close): The S&P 500 index ended lower after shares in travel website TripAdvisor plunged 11%.
Londonderry's City of Derry Airport is to get a £7m investment from the Northern Ireland Executive.
More than 30,000 private tenants were evicted from their homes in the past year, according to government figures.
The maximum fine for littering in England is to be increased to £150, the government has said.
The UK's Tree of the Year is set to be felled because of the route of HS2 phase 1.
A man who has worked for his remote Scottish island for more than 50 years has been named Britain's hardest-working man.
The bodies of 13 teenagers who had been shot dead have been found in a river in Honduras.
A man who admitted possessing and distributing some of the most extreme indecent images of children has been jailed for 12 years.
Jordan Spieth carded a six-under-par 65 to take the lead after the second round of the Tournament of Champions.
The Raspberry Pi computer has sold its 10 millionth device, its makers have announced.
Tickets for a 90th birthday celebration for the Queen sold out within hours on Friday.
Richard Bland carded a 67 to finish second at the BMW International Open in Munich, Germany.
Businesses in the far north of Scotland have raised concerns about the A9, saying it is a barrier to growth.
The UK economy grew at its slowest rate for 30 months in the first quarter of the year, according to the CBI.
The 16th Scottish Documentary Film Festival is to show more than 30 films.
A woman who dedicates up to 30 hours a week to coaching sport has been named as BBC Cymru Wales' Unsung Hero.
Aidy Boothroyd has been appointed England Under-21 manager on a three-year contract.
The search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has been narrowed after new satellite data was analysed.
The official Euro 2016 app has been launched but fans have complained that Wales is not included.
Wales target man Hal Robson-Kanu is targeting being fit for Euro 2016.
A 21-year-old British woman murdered in Thailand was unlawfully killed, an inquest has found.
Johnny Sexton could return to action for Ireland as early as 13 February against Scotland.
A driving examiner who leaked test details to a driving school has been given 240 hours community service.
The Homeless World Cup 2016 has come to an end in Glasgow, with Mexico's men's and women's teams lifting the trophies.
Linfield came from behind to beat 10-man Coleraine and maintain their 100% start to the Premiership season.
Young people should not be treated as adults until they are at least 18, a Labour MP has said.
A pub made famous by the 1986 iconic Australian film Crocodile Dundee is up for sale.
David Dimbleby will front the BBC's election coverage for the last time on 8 June, the corporation has announced.
South Africa's most famous progeria sufferer has died at the age of 18, her family has announced.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic is 35, but he's still giving advice to children on how to be successful.
Wales have a good chance of qualifying for Euro 2016, says former Scotland boss Craig Brown.
Radio 1's Kenny Everett has marked 50 years on the air with a broadcast from the same station where he started his career.
The German Grand Prix is in danger of disappearing from the calendar because of dwindling crowds and a lack of a unique and special track.
A double-decker coach driver has been arrested after four people were killed in a crash on the M1 in Bedfordshire.
Plans to redevelop a site in Bristol where 900 jobs were lost at a Brooks factory are to be revealed.
The average annual mileage driven by cars in the UK has fallen to its lowest level in 12 years, according to the RAC Foundation.
Bristol City head coach Lee Johnson has signed a new contract to remain at the Championship club until 2021.
A 78-year-old man has died in a fire at a block of flats in Dartford, Kent.
McLaren have been impressed by the performance of Formula Three driver Lando Norris during a test at the Hungarian Grand Prix.
The top five English clubs benefited from the 2016 Euro tournament, according to figures released by Uefa.
A new image of a man sought by police over the murder of a woman 20 years ago has been released.
A 16-year-old Kansas high school football player has died after collapsing during a game.
A former Scottish sprinter has claimed a Scottish rugby international took drugs in the 1980s.
About 180 military personnel will be transferred from RAF Wittering in Cambridgeshire, the government has announced.
A wedding dress that was made 100 years ago has been returned to the family after it was lost in a dry cleaners.
A former British Army soldier who served for 12 years has been told he can no longer live and work in the UK.
Wasps Rugby hopes to raise £20m from selling bonds to fans.
Nick Faldo says he could make a comeback at the 2017 Irish Open.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says he would have taken a tougher World Cup qualifying campaign than the one Wales have been handed.
France striker Karim Benzema has missed out on the 2018 World Cup after being placed under investigation for attempted blackmail.
The RNLI has launched a campaign to raise awareness of the dangers around Scotland's coastline, where 175 people have died in the past five years.
A man has been arrested after a pedestrian was killed in a crash on the M27 in West Sussex.
Channel 4 has stopped streaming its shows on YouTube.
A Royal Navy vessel is expected to rescue up to 1,000 migrants in the Mediterranean in the next 48 hours.
The Queen will open the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow on Wednesday.
Best-selling crime writer Ruth Rendell has died at the age of 85, her publisher has announced.
Welsh police forces spent almost £17m on overtime in the past year, figures obtained by BBC Radio 5 Live have revealed.
England manager Roy Hodgson has named his squad for Euro 2016 - but says he has "tilted" it towards an attacking approach.
Ian Baraclough has been appointed Northern Ireland Under-21 boss on a two-year contract.
The future independence of STV is likely to be questioned if ITV buys UTV, the other Channel 3 broadcaster.
Police have re-opened an investigation into the rape and murder of a woman in north Belfast 29 years ago.
A California couple who were married for 64 years have died within hours of each other.
Double Olympic champion Jade Jones says she is aiming to win gold in Rio in 2016.
The number of general practitioners in Northern Ireland has fallen by 5% in the past decade, a report has said.
Marks and Spencer boss Marc Bolland was paid a total of £4.7m last year, including a £1m bonus.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, boosted by mining shares and a strong performance from the financial sector.
Britain's Adam Peaty set a new European Championships record to win 100m breaststroke gold in London.
Former Dundee United defender Frank Kopel has died at the age of 64.
Phil Taylor beat Adrian Lewis to reach the final of the World Matchplay for the 16th consecutive year.
Microsoft has changed the way it is pushing users to upgrade to Windows 10 after complaints that it was too aggressive.
Harlequins have signed Wales centre Jamie Roberts from French Top 14 side Racing 92 on a two-and-a-half-year deal.
The man behind the Megaupload file-sharing site has said it will be revived in January 2017 - five years after it was shut down.
A murder investigation has been launched after a 21-year-old woman was stabbed to death.
The new Scottish Championship season will begin with a top-flight derby on Saturday, 6 August.
Action Man fans have gathered to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the iconic toy.
A new Banksy mural has been vandalised just 10 days after it appeared in Bristol.
More than 300 Boko Haram fighters have surrendered to the Nigerian military, the government says.
Few apprentices over 24 are applying for loans to fund their training, official figures show.
Andy Rose scored the decisive goal as 10-man Bradford City lost at Coventry City.
Turkey will hold a second general election on 1 November, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has announced.
A Clydesdale Bank £5 note has been nominated for the International Bank Note Society's Bank Note of the Year award.
Worcestershire are searching for a replacement for injured Australia all-rounder John Hastings for the second half of the 2017 season.
West Ham have made a second bid for Portugal midfielder Manuel Fernandes, which is believed to be in the region of £12m.
The number of fly-tipping incidents in England has increased by 32% in the past year, according to government figures.
Bank of Scotland has announced plans to close 23 branches across Scotland.
Grand Theft Auto V has been named best game at the 2013 Golden Joystick Awards.
A man who survived 10 hours in the wheel well of a private jet has been caught by police at London's Heathrow Airport.
A US judge has rejected BP's bid to suspend payouts from a $9.6bn fund set up to cover the cost of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill.
A memorial to the 38 people killed in the Tunisia terror attacks is to be built in Birmingham.
The York Mystery Plays are to return to York Minster for the first time in 16 years.
Scientists have published the first results from the Japanese Hitomi X-ray satellite, which was launched in 2016.
Apple is facing a lawsuit from an Australian consumer watchdog over its marketing of the new iPad 3G.
(Close): The Dow Jones closed higher, despite the release of revised economic growth figures showing the US economy grew faster than previously thought in the final three months of 2016.
Italian police have found 781 pump-action shotguns on a ferry arriving from Greece.
Thousands of people have gathered at the site of the Buchenwald concentration camp in Germany to mark its 70th anniversary.
More than 100 environmental activists were killed around the world last year, a campaign group has said.
At least 35 people have been killed in an attack by Islamic State (IS) fighters on Syrian government-held villages, monitors say.
A 13-year-old boy has died after suffering a head injury during a rugby match.
The first cranes to be seen in the West of England in 400 years have hatched.
Chapecoense beat Inter de Lages in their first game since the plane crash that killed most of their squad.
An Australian couple who lost three children in the crash of Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 have welcomed their third child, 18 months later.
Thai military authorities have released 124 people detained after last week's coup, a spokesman has said.
Spider-Man is finally going to be part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe - 15 years after the first film was released.
Police in Leicestershire have identified almost 7,000 potential victims of child sexual exploitation (CSE).
The inquests into the deaths of 21 people in the Birmingham pub bombings are to resume, the coroner has said.
The 12th anniversary of the 7/7 bombings is being marked with a minute's silence.
A fire in west London has left at least 100 people homeless, the London Fire Brigade has said.
The first T-pylons are being tested in the West Midlands.
A Burton's Foods biscuit factory in Wirral is to close with the loss of 342 jobs.
A £1bn tidal power scheme has been given the go-ahead by the Queen's estate.
At least 10 people have been killed in suicide car bomb attacks on police stations in eastern Turkey, officials say.
Nationwide has reported a 14% rise in half-year profits, helped by a surge in mortgage lending.
The manager of the Backstreet Boys and NSync, Lou Pearlman, has died at the age of 62.
Two Iraqi men arrested in 2003 and accused of killing British soldiers are to be investigated by UK military police.
More than 800 jobs will be lost at the newly-merged investment firm Standard Life Aberdeen.
Ospreys have made a profit for the first time in three years, according to accounts for 2014-15.
More than 20 people have been arrested after a peaceful protest in west London turned violent.
More than 70% of emergency calls in Wales were responded to within eight minutes, according to new figures.
Exeter Chiefs lock Geoff Parling has signed a contract with Super Rugby side Melbourne Rebels until June 2018.
A father who was seriously injured in a crash on the M9 has died.
A 24-hour strike by Arriva bus drivers in West Yorkshire and North Yorkshire is to go ahead, a union has said.
Gravesend has been a bellwether seat for 100 years, accurately predicting the national election outcome in the past.
The UK's last coal-fired power station has closed after 50 years of operation.
Singapore has reported 41 cases of the Zika virus, the health ministry says.
The funeral of a Scottish oil worker killed in the Super Puma helicopter crash in Norway which claimed 13 lives has taken place.
The search for 43 students who went missing in Mexico will be relaunched, the government has said.
Glasgow-based Renishaw Diagnostics is to close with the loss of 50 jobs.
Two England internationals, Jonathan Joseph and Anthony Watson, have extended their contracts with Bath until 2020.
A suicide attack on a US military base in Afghanistan has killed at least 10 people, officials say.
The frontman of a band who recently supported Franz Ferdinand has died after an accident at a Glasgow river.
The Northern Ireland Football Association (NIFA) has opened ticket applications for Euro 2016 in France.
Former Real Madrid president Luis Figo has withdrawn from the election for the Fifa presidency, which takes place on 29 May.
Taylor Swift has pulled her new album 1989 from Apple Music, saying it was "unfair" for the company to offer a free trial.
Renewable energy generation in Scotland has increased by more than 45% compared to the same period last year, according to new figures.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended slightly higher, but Lloyds Banking Group and RBS were among the biggest fallers.
Chinese clubs could be hit with a 45% tax on transfer fees under proposals being considered by the country's football authorities.
Serbian police have arrested 29 people as part of a major anti-corruption operation.
New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum has broken the record for the fastest Test century, taking just 57 balls.
Michael Dunlop set the fastest lap of the International North West 200 so far during Thursday's opening Superbike practice.
The BBC has extended its agreement to show the ATP World Tour Finals until 2020.
Pinewood Studios has won a government appeal to expand the site with a £450m project.
World Anti-Doping Agency has published its updated 2017 list of banned substances in a 206-page document.
Ted Baker has reported a 14% jump in sales and profits for the first half of the year.
A man who murdered his ex-partner's new boyfriend has been jailed for a minimum of 25 years.
Glastonbury Festival will take a fallow year in 2018, it has been confirmed.
At least 30 people have been killed in fighting between Myanmar's army and ethnic minority rebels, officials say.
Bath have confirmed that Rhys Priestland will remain at the club until 2017 despite the fly-half's decision to play for Wales again.
A former Olympic runner has completed his 50,000th day of running every day for 50 years.
Europe or Great Britain and Ireland had beaten the United States in the Curtis Cup for the first time since 2006.
The most detailed 3D model of the human brain has been created by scanning it 7,400 times.
Wolves have extended striker Nouha Dicko's contract until 2020.
A 14-year-old girl from Leeds has been killed in the Manchester attack, her family has confirmed.
A 16th Century hall which was badly damaged by fire is to be restored, an MP has said.
Health ministers from 11 countries in West Africa have agreed to work together to stop the spread of Ebola.
An inquest into the Kingsmill massacre is to be delayed to allow police to investigate a new lead.
The Philippines is observing a national day of mourning after 44 police commandos were killed in a clash with Muslim rebels.
Boston has launched a bid to host the 2024 Olympics.
Apple has reported a 15% drop in iPhone sales during the first three months of the year.
A plan to connect Scotland and Norway with a 1,200km undersea cable has moved a step closer.
A section of the Mancunian Way in Manchester that collapsed on Friday will remain closed for up to 10 days, the council has said.
The Bank of Scotland has launched a new £10 note featuring a steam train crossing the Glenfinnan Viaduct.
About 25% of disabled people have never used the internet, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
More than 100 pupils were sent home on their first day of school for not adhering to a strict uniform policy.
A 15-year-old boy who was stabbed to death in north-west London has been murdered by a fellow pupil, a court has heard.
Honda have appointed Yasuhisa Arai as the new head of their Formula 1 programme.
Chief executives at 100 of the UK's biggest companies earn the equivalent of a year's minimum wage in just one day, a union has said.
Wales manager Chris Coleman is against Great Britain entering a team at the 2020 Olympics.
Chelsea Manning's Wikileaks contact has said he will stand by his offer to be extradited to the US, after President Obama commuted her 35-year sentence.
Actor and comedian Stephen Fry has launched a campaign against plans to build a Crossrail 2 station in Soho.
The opening and closing films for the 2017 Sundance Film Festival have been announced.
The value of home loans in the UK reached their highest level since the financial crisis in 2008 in 2015, according to the Council of Mortgage Lenders (CML
WhatsApp users in Brazil have been joking about how they will spend the next 48 hours without the messaging service.
Cricket Scotland has been named the winner of the 2015 International Cricket Council Development Programme Annual Awards.
French football club Lille have announced that women will be admitted free to their home matches in the top French league Ligue 1.
The first Test between Australia and India will now start on 17 December following the death of Phillip Hughes.
The police have been sent 130 referrals regarding child sexual abuse in Scottish football.
Motherwell are looking for a new manager after winning just one of their 10 Premiership games this season.
At least 20 migrants died of suffocation on a single boat off the coast of Libya, a photographer has said.
Ireland wing Keith Earls will miss the start of their autumn international campaign against New Zealand on 5 November.
A fresh search has begun for a County Donegal girl who disappeared 34 years ago.
Japanese firm Sharp has unveiled smartphone displays capable of showing 4K video.
Liverpool have signed France defender Mamadou Sakho and Portugal Under-21 centre-back Tiago Ilori for a combined £25m.
Two police officers who are accused of fraudulently claiming wages for work they did not do over a 16-week period have begun their trial.
A couple who won £1m in the Euromillions draw have said they are still in shock after finding out they had won.
The Euro 2016 final was watched by more people than the Wimbledon Men's Final, according to overnight ratings.
The death toll from a garment factory collapse in Bangladesh has reached 610, police say, and more bodies are expected to be found.
East Midlands Ambulance Service (EMAS) is £8m in deficit, figures have revealed.
A 22-year-old man has been arrested at Sydney Airport as he attempted to leave for Syria, Australian police say.
A protest has been held over plans to build 300 homes near a nature reserve which is home to a colony of red squirrels.
A cargo plane has crashed in South Sudan, killing at least 32 people, officials say.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a teenager 32 years ago.
McLaren have signed Lando Norris as their reserve driver for 2017.
A fire at a care home has left 10 people injured, including two in a serious condition.
Network Rail workers had a narrow escape from being hit by a train when they were working on a bridge, an investigation has found.
Unbeaten favourite Nyquist has won the 142nd Kentucky Derby at Churchill Downs.
A 14-year-old scout has died suddenly at an international jamboree in Finland.
Shares in DFS fell more than 25% after the sofa retailer issued a profit warning.
Ex-world heavyweight champion Frank Bruno says he is considering a comeback at the age of 52.
West Brom are willing to pay £12m to sign Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho, BBC Sport has learned.
US comedian and civil rights activist Dick Gregory has died at the age of 84, his family has announced.
Swiss voters have rejected a proposal to limit executive pay under article 1 of the constitution.
Footage has been filmed of a Monarch plane making an aborted landing at Manchester Airport due to high winds.
A pharmacist who mistakenly gave a 67-year-old woman the wrong medication has been given a suspended sentence.
Somerset captain James Trego says the T20 Blast is bringing in "idiots" to the game.
Former England captain Michael Vaughan wants the national selectors to consider selecting Kevin Pietersen for the World Twenty20.
A memorial service has been held in Hull to mark the 30th anniversary of the Falklands conflict.
A motorcyclist who sped through a town centre killing a 19-year-old woman has been jailed for four years.
The son of Brazilian football legend Pele has been sentenced to 30 years in jail for money laundering.
Police in the central Indian state of Chhattisgarh say they have killed 20 Maoist rebels.
Leicester hooker Tom Youngs has expressed his concerns over the proposed 10-month Premiership season.
Queen's University Belfast (QUB) has been ranked among the world's top 200 universities for 2016.
Police are considering reinvestigating the death of a farmer shot dead 25 years ago.
A bowler has conceded 80 runs in the shortest-ever recorded first-class match.
Overall crime on trains in Wales has fallen by 11% in the past year, according to British Transport Police.
The flood barrier in Kent has closed for the 175th time this winter, breaking its own record.
Season ticket holders will be given a "free week" of rail travel in 2017, the Scottish government has announced.
Matt Lucas is to return to Doctor Who, the BBC has announced.
France defender Raphael Varane will miss the opening game of Euro 2016 after injuring his hamstring.
Hip fracture surgery should be performed within 24 hours of admission to hospital to improve patient outcomes, a study has found.
Ebbsfleet's 13-game unbeaten run was extended despite being held by Maidenhead.
A man who carried out a "campaign of violence" against three partners has been jailed for 15 years.
No police officers will face action over the death of a dog which was hit by a car on the A55.
Nottingham Forest striker Ryan Brereton has signed a new contract to stay at the Championship club until 2021.
Betty Cuthbert, the first Australian to win triple Olympic gold, has died aged 79.
Soldiers in Bolivia have been protesting for a second day for better pay and conditions, despite a military crackdown.
(Close): The FTSE 100 fell further after outsourcing group Capita issued another profit warning.
More than 100 water voles are being released into a lake in the Yorkshire Dales.
Northampton Saints have handed first professional contracts to 10 players from their academy.
World number three Roger Federer has extended his contract with Swiss Indoors until 2019.
Tributes have been paid to Welsh actress Deddie Davies, who has died at the age of 86.
A councillor has called for an investigation into whether a water supply in the Cairngorms is making people ill after more than 100 people complained about its taste.
The Hollywood film studio Miramax has been sold to an investment group for $660m (£420m).
World Superbike leader Jonathan Rea won his fourth consecutive race in the Australian round of the championship.
The number of overnight trips made by tourists to Northern Ireland reached a record high in 2015, according to the Department for the Economy.
Military investigators looking into claims of abuse by British troops in Iraq have dropped 58 cases.
The man who developed the cervical cancer vaccine in 2006 has said he is hopeful the virus will be eliminated within 40 years.
The government has given £4m to protect the Ironbridge Gorge in Shropshire.
Just over a third of babies in Scotland are exclusively breastfed at the time of their first health review, according to official figures.
World Cup 2015: Our guide to the key stats and facts from the tournament.
Scotland flanker Alasdair Strokosch has won his 61st and final cap in Saturday's World Cup warm-up match against Australia.
A council has proposed raising council tax by 3% to help pay for social care and a new car park.
The original guitarist of Beastie Boys has died at the age of 55.
Seven weightlifters who won medals at the 2012 London Olympics have been stripped of their medals after failing drugs tests.
Brazilian prosecutors have charged 24 people with qualified homicide over a dam collapse that killed 19 people last year.
In 2016, the clocks will go forward by an hour in the UK.
Police are searching a field for the body of a man who disappeared 23 years ago.
European data protection laws are to be overhauled for the first time in 20 years.
Flybe has reported its first annual loss in its 30-year history, but said it was confident of a turnaround.
A search is under way for a 73-year-old DJ from Bristol who has gone missing.
The number of hate crimes against transgender people in London has risen by 25% in the past year, according to the Metropolitan Police.
Olympic dressage champion Charlotte Dujardin says her horse Valegro will retire after the 2016 Rio Games.
Letters are to be sent to people who park on double yellow lines in Hawick, 20 months after the police traffic warden service was removed.
Libya's eastern authorities have frozen a directive that banned women under the age of 60 from travelling abroad.
Germany's Marcel Kittel has been forced to miss stage 17 of the Tour de France after injuring his shoulder in a crash.
Phil Simmons has left his role as head coach of the West Indies ahead of their Test series against Pakistan.
A former police chief is to be reimbursed £4,000 for his travel expenses during his trials.
The medals for the Rio Olympic and Paralympic Games have been made from recycled materials and are designed to be reused after the Games.
A school which has been educating children for nearly 300 years is to close.
A call centre firm is to create 500 new jobs in County Fermanagh.
Mickey Harte has extended his contract as Tyrone manager until the end of 2016.
Chelsea have signed Leicester City and England midfielder Danny Drinkwater on a five-year contract.
The number of children in north Wales reported to police for sending explicit images has risen by 1,200%, new figures show.
Girls experience mathematics anxiety as young as 14, which can have a long-term impact on their career prospects, a study has found.
North Lanarkshire Council has agreed to pay up to Â£10m to settle an equal pay dispute with union members.
Inter Milan have sacked manager Frank de Boer after just 85 days and 11 games in charge.
Hollywood actor Mickey Rourke has made a successful comeback to the boxing ring after 16 years out of the sport.
The Conservatives have taken the Gower constituency from Labour for the first time in nearly 100 years.
A report into the causes of the last major flooding in a Cumbrian town 10 months ago has been published.
A new variable speed limit system is to be introduced on the M4 in Newport.
An exhibition of photographs marking the 30th anniversary of the miners' strike has opened.
UK car production fell in October for the first time in 16 years, according to the industry.
Shares in Airbus have jumped 4.6% after the European plane maker reported a strong rise in third quarter sales.
A new stadium for Plymouth Argyle could be completed by 2019, according to chairman James Brent.
Ten ballot papers have been removed from the count in Glasgow amid suspicions of personation.
The Lord Mayor's Show will be held in London on Saturday to mark its 800th anniversary.
An investigation has been launched into the termination of an £800m NHS contract.
Carole King is to play a one-off UK concert in July, featuring her 1971 seminal album Tapestry in its entirety.
Radio 1 is to launch on the BBC iPlayer later this month.
The number of people claiming unemployment-related benefits in Northern Ireland has fallen for the first time in 10 months.
Glasgow Warriors full-back Peter Murchie has signed a new contract to remain with the Pro12 side until May 2019.
The new £40m media centre in Carmarthenshire will need more companies to come on board to break even, the university behind the project has said.
Chinese police have arrested 20 people suspected of illegally excavating ancient relics, state media report.
Scientists have discovered a new use for the platypus's venomous spur - a finding that could help treat diabetes - 150 years after it was last studied.
Bristol City have signed Republic of Ireland winger Callum O'Dowda from Oxford United for an initial fee of £500,000.
The North East is marking the 40th anniversary of former US President Jimmy Carter's visit to the region.
A freeze on TfL fares for two years has been announced by Mayor Sadiq Khan.
Wing Marland Yarde has been banned for 18 weeks for gouging an opponent's eye.
The government has announced plans to upgrade the A14.
Woking's 10-game run without a league defeat ended in a draw at National League strugglers Gateshead.
Police have said they are still searching for a teenager who went missing 12 years ago.
Liverpool have rejected a £114m bid from Barcelona for Philippe Coutinho.
The Bishop of St Asaph has designed the last round £1 coin.
Manchester City and Ivory Coast midfielder Yaya Toure has been voted BBC African Footballer of the Year 2015 for the second time.
The gates of a prison in south-west London have been closed for the final time after 140 years.
At least 33 people have been killed in a lorry accident in the Central African Republic, officials say.
A man who was "at the heart" of a gang feud which saw a series of shootings has been jailed for 20 years.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone has been charged with bribery in Germany over a 10-year-old case.
St Helens will be without six first-team regulars for their Super League trip to Catalans Dragons on Friday.
Sally Conway won bronze at the Rio Olympics to make up for missing out on an Olympic medal in London in 2012.
A school has paid £1,000 to settle a legal dispute with a Christian supply teacher who was suspended for telling a pupil she did not agree with same sex marriage.
US aircraft maker Boeing saw its third-quarter profits rise 25% as it delivered more planes to customers.
South Africa took control of the second Test against Australia in Hobart with a dominant day of bowling and batting.
The creator of the Carry On films, Norman Hudis, has died at the age of 93.
The logo for the 2020 Tokyo Olympic Games has been unveiled, after a plagiarism row over the first design.
At least 20 people have been killed in an attack on a hotel in the Somali capital, Mogadishu.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested in Hong Kong on suspicion of murdering two women.
Farmers in China have created 3D rice paddy art for 2015.
A nationwide ceasefire in Syria is due to take effect at midnight on 27 February, the US and Russian governments have announced.
A 16-year-old schoolgirl has become the youngest person to join the Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI).
A UK botanic garden has helped to discover the first wild population of a Japanese birch tree in 50 years.
Welsh leaders have been making their New Year's messages ahead of the 2016 assembly election.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright says he is not too concerned about his side's run of 12 games without a win in the Scottish Premiership.
A league in talks to expand into the United States has described Pro12's interest in the American market as "disrespectful".
A force which polices York Minster has been attested for the first time in more than 80 years.
A public inquiry is to be held in Liverpool for the first time in 30 years over plans to demolish hundreds of Victorian terraces.
Tyler Alexander, the former McLaren director who played a key role in the team's success, has died aged 77.
A former Thai general has been sentenced to 42 years in prison for human trafficking.
A man whose kidney donor is his best friend of 10 years has said he feels "great" after the operation.
The birthday of a 17-year-old girl who was murdered is being marked with a charity fundraiser.
Luke Charteris is set to miss Wales' Six Nations match against France on 12 March.
A man who murdered a soldier in a "savage and senseless attack" has been jailed for 18 years.
Soweto Kinch is to host a show on BBC Radio 3's new station 6Music.
An exhibition celebrating 130 years of the Newcastle Fair has opened at a city museum.
A suicide bomb attack in the Afghan capital, Kabul, has killed at least 24 people, officials say.
A new free trade agreement between 26 African countries has been signed in the Ethiopian capital, Addis Ababa.
Four Liberal Democrat MPs have put their names to an amendment to the finance bill opposing a 2.5% increase in VAT.
BT has set aside £500m to cover the legal costs of its takeover of mobile phone company EE.
A Scottish documentary film made 90 years ago is to be given a new lease of life with a live beatboxing soundtrack.
The United Arab Emirates has ordered 200 black taxis from the Coventry-based London Taxi Company.
The world's largest food fair, the Milan Expo 2015, has opened with a ceremony attended by dozens of world leaders.
A South Korean spy agency has admitted trying to influence the 2012 election.
The Royal Regiment of Scotland has marked its 10th anniversary with a parade through Edinburgh.
Kate Winslet has told Newsbeat she was "thrilled" to be nominated for her role in Steve Jobs at the 2016 Oscars.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) is to close 18 branches in Scotland, including sites in Edinburgh, Glasgow and Perth.
The best-selling author and poet Helen Dunmore has died at the age of 56.
A murder investigation is continuing after a 70-year-old man was murdered after being forced off the road.
The ban on haggis imports to the US could be lifted after 44 years, following a campaign by Scottish government ministers.
Scientists have made a breakthrough in 3D vision research for the first time in 170 years.
Sebastian Vettel has extended his contract with Ferrari until the end of 2020.
The government has announced it is investing £66m in five new railway stations.
The biggest redevelopment of a city centre in Wales for decades has been unveiled as part of £500m plans.
A fifth day of strike by Tube workers has been called in the long-running dispute over jobs, working conditions and pay.
A railway station which closed more than 50 years ago could be reopened.
A Great Yarmouth marine survey company has been sold to a Dutch firm for £40m.
Chelsea midfielder Oriol Romeu has joined Premier League rivals Southampton for £5m.
More than 40% of offenders believe the quality of probation services has deteriorated since a new system was introduced, a report says.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says Anthony Martial's £36m transfer fee is not a burden for the teenager.
A battle which changed the course of English history is being commemorated on its 950th anniversary.
The first gas has been produced from a North Sea field which took 40 years to develop.
Scientists have recreated the face of a 1,700-year-old woman, using a 3D printer.
The Simpsons fans have been busy matching up the 32 Irish counties with characters from the hit TV show.
Double Olympic silver medallist Becky James has announced her retirement from cycling at the age of 26.
Daniel Ricciardo has ruled himself out of the running for the Ferrari drive in 2017.
NHS trusts in England will be banned from paying more than 55% extra in fees to staffing agencies, the government has announced.
Peregrine falcons have nested in Suffolk for the first time in 40 years, conservationists have said.
West Ham's hopes of a new sponsor for the renamed London Stadium have been dashed after Vodafone pulled out.
Government departments are expected to be told to make £20bn of cuts over the next five years.
A bid to restore a 13th Century garden in Denbighshire has moved a step closer.
Plans for a £300m extension to Sheffield's Meadowhall shopping centre have been submitted.
William Hague has announced he will retire as the MP for Horsham after 27 years in the role.
At least 15 people have been killed in a fire that erupted after an oil tanker was hit in the north-west of Pakistan, officials say.
A grandmother whose home was burgled on Christmas Day has thanked the public after they raised more than £1,000 to help her.
The Scottish Conservatives have promised to reinstate 140,000 college places.
A man who became the first person to have a heart-lung transplant 30 years ago has marked the anniversary.
French police are investigating whether Russian hackers were behind the hacking of TV5 Monde's 12 channels.
Electronics store Currys PC World has been reprimanded for the second time in 18 months by the advertising watchdog for misleading consumers about the availability of Ultra High Definition (U
A turkey processing plant in Lincolnshire is to close with the loss of 80 jobs.
Radio presenter Michael O'Grady broke down on air as he paid tribute to his friend Cilla Black, who died aged 72.
Physical inactivity becomes the dominant risk factor for heart disease in women over the age of 30, a study suggests.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a teenager at a holiday park.
A Sheffield councillor has stepped down after 13 years to take up a job in the private sector.
Controversial £100m redevelopment plans for the Princesshay shopping centre in Exeter have been approved.
Kenyan police have arrested 24 people in connection with the massacre of 11 elephants in a national park.
Greece's parliament has approved a budget for 2016, despite opposition from the main conservative party.
Former world heptathlon bronze medallist Kelly Sotherton is to make a comeback in a bid to compete at London 2012.
A 15-year-old girl has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in Essex.
A police headquarters in Lincoln is to close after 20 years, the force's chief constable has said.
More than 800 patients were sent appointment letters with information suggesting they might have cancer.
The Specials drummer John "Brad" Bradbury has died at the age of 61.
Japan's oldest footballer, 49-year-old Kazuyoshi Miura, has extended his contract with Japanese club Yokohama FC.
Northern Ireland's health service is to receive an extra £50m, the finance minister has announced.
A government minister's refusal to allow a 1,000-home development to go ahead was "plainly deficient", a High Court judge has ruled.
Martyn Irvine has been named BBC Northern Ireland's Sports Personality of the Year for 2013.
A suicide attack on a Turkish military post has killed at least 11 soldiers and wounded 28 others, officials say.
A planning inquiry has begun into a proposal to build 500 homes in a Kent village.
A Welsh commissioner is to visit care homes to speak to people aged over 65 about their experiences.
The UK government has said it is considering whether to go ahead with plans to cut its funding for Welsh language broadcaster S4C by £600,000.
A major engineering project is to close the Edinburgh-Glasgow rail line for 15 weeks.
Australia has turned back to Vietnam a boat carrying 46 asylum seekers, including women and children.
Marc Marquez extended his lead at the top of the MotoGP standings by winning the Dutch Grand Prix at Assen.
Red Bull are considering switching to Mercedes engines in 2017, according to senior team sources.
England rugby stars Mako and Billy Vunipola started playing rugby at a Gloucestershire club when they were just 11 years old.
The world's oldest person, Italian Emma Morano, has died at the age of 116, her doctor says.
Scarlets' Champions Cup hopes are over after a fifth defeat in a row, says lock Jake Owens.
The government has announced £250m to support weekly rubbish collections, saying it is a "basic right".
Lord of the Rings actor Sir Christopher Lee has released his 10th album - a heavy metal record.
Children with type 1 diabetes are being admitted to hospitals in Wales at least once a year, a study has found.
A girl of 10 was left to drown in a swimming pool because of the "negligence" of two people, a High Court judge has ruled.
Chelsea have named striker Radamel Falcao in their 25-man Champions League squad.
The Grand National will have a full complement of 40 runners after the final declaration stage.
Actor Geoffrey Hughes, best known for his roles in Coronation Street and Keeping Up Appearances, has died at the age of 72.
The number of women diagnosed with lung cancer has increased by almost 100% in the past four decades, according to new figures.
Petrol and diesel prices have risen by the biggest amount for 18 months, according to the RAC.
Lancashire moved up the County Championship table after a 10-wicket victory over Hampshire by an innings and 123 runs.
A sculpture of a man floating in a river was mistaken for a body, prompting a call to 16 emergency services.
Solihull Moors held on for victory at Bromley despite playing the final five minutes with 10 men.
A further 10 skeletons have been found at the site of Brighton Dome, bringing the total to 11.
An ambulance crew had to shock a man's heart 17 times to restore his normal rhythm.
A lorry and a car have crashed on the M4 in both directions near Cardiff.
An 11-year-old girl has written a letter to burglars who ransacked her home, expressing her feelings of fear and sadness.
A vitamin that is found in meat, fish, eggs and milk has been found to boost the immune system and fight bacterial infections.
Suffolk County Council has announced plans to save £1.3m from its fire service budget over the next four years.
More than 100 babies are born each year in England addicted to drugs, figures obtained by the BBC have revealed.
Ulster have appointed former Leinster forwards coach Jono Gibbes as their new head coach from the 2016-17 season.
Great Britain's Oliver Townend won team gold in eventing at the Rio 2016 Olympics.
David Warner scored a blistering century to help Australia avoid an innings defeat in the third Test against the West Indies.
Channel 4 has now offered a self-defence kit to help communities deal with the attention that its show Benefits Street brought.
The Lords have rejected an amendment to the EU Withdrawal Bill that would have guaranteed the rights of EU citizens in the UK.
Joseph Parker will fight Andy Ruiz Jr on 10 December after the WBO confirmed the New Zealander will not face Tyson Fury.
At least 16 Jewish community centres in the US have received bomb threats in a single day, the latest in a series of incidents.
A US human rights group has said there is no evidence to support claims that the bodies of 43 Mexican students who went missing in Guerrero state were incinerated.
A plan to build 300 homes near Carrbridge has been turned down by a Highland Council planning committee.
A 15-year-old boy stabbed in Essex has been discharged from hospital, prompting the police to use emergency powers.
Force India's Sergio Perez has signed a contract extension with the team for 2017.
A 15-year-old girl has died after being swept out to sea at a popular North East beach.
The number of incidents of dogs worrying livestock in Scotland has risen by 55%, according to Police Scotland.
The former Liberal MP and peer Eric Avebury has died at the age of 87.
The Ghostbusters universe is set to expand, according to the producer of the 1984 movie.
A 23-year-old man has admitted killing his ex-girlfriend in a hotel room.
(Close): The S&P 500 index reached a new high for the second consecutive session, closing at 2,280.
A £5 coin has been released to mark Prince George's first birthday.
The first woman to serve as a chief constable is to retire after 10 years at the helm of Northumbria Police.
More than 1,000 people have attended a vigil in Cardiff Bay to show support for the victims of the Paris attacks.
The plastic £5 note is being introduced in Northern Ireland.
A Â£1m factory that was being used to make counterfeit cigarettes has been raided by authorities.
ITV has commissioned a new series of Downton Abbey - a sixth series of 8 parts.
A photograph taken during the hour of darkness has won a competition to find the best picture taken during 24 hours in Bristol.
The Glasgow Burrell Collection will reopen in 2020 after a major refurbishment, the city council has confirmed.
A stream which was straightened 80 years ago has been reversed to benefit fish.
The conductor and musicologist Christopher Hogwood has died at the age of 73.
Airbus is scaling back production of its super-jumbo A380 aircraft, blaming a lack of orders.
A £15m fund to boost the creative and digital sectors in the north of England is being distributed, the government has announced.
The number of home buyers in the UK has risen by 17% in the past year, according to the Office for National Statistics.
Teaching assistants in Durham are to be balloted for strike action after being told to return to work or lose up to £400 a month.
A Singapore museum is returning a bronze sculpture to India after it was bought in 2007 amid allegations it was stolen.
A 19-year-old woman has been shot dead while driving on a Pennsylvania highway, apparently by a passing motorist.
The inquests into the Shoreham air disaster, in which 11 men died, have been delayed until next year.
The Irish Open will be held at Ballyliffin in County Donegal in 2019.
A school has been forced to close after a stomach bug hit more than 100 of its 750 pupils.
A radio station that broadcast critical news about Zimbabwe for 10 years is to close.
Pakistan will be able to play in India in the World Twenty20 after receiving clearance from their government.
Former Peterborough United manager Chris Turner has died at the age of 64.
Former National Gallery of Australia director Betty Churcher has died in Canberra at the age of 85.
More than 50 prisoners have escaped from a prison in Papua New Guinea after overpowering guards and breaking through the main gate.
Mexican actor Ruben Aguirre, who starred in one of Latin America's most popular TV shows, has died aged 82.
A search has begun for a Dublin man who disappeared 16 years ago.
Formula 1 bosses have agreed to scrap the double points system that was introduced for the final race of this season.
British Swimming has accepted the resignation of performance director Michael Scott following a review of the team's performance after London 2012.
(Close): The FTSE 100 fell on Thursday, with shares in British Airways owner IAG leading the way down.
Taylor Swift's Shake It Off has been disqualified from the 2014 countdown of the year's most popular songs.
Renault have threatened to quit Formula 1, saying they will not supply engines to the sport beyond this year.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended lower, with shares in pharmaceutical companies falling.
BBC Three is moving online and losing the rights to air Family Guy.
Sir Paul McCartney has topped the Sunday Times Rich List of musicians in the top 10 richest list.
Former cannabis smuggler and author Howard Marks has died at the age of 70.
A fire has killed 15 people after a coach and lorry collided in Germany.
Israel has postponed a city council vote on the approval of 492 new homes in East Jerusalem.
A 16-year-old boy has been jailed for raping two girls and sexually assaulting two others.
A collection of medals belonging to a 90-year-old veteran who served 23 years in the British Army has been stolen.
The Oregon city of Eugene has been accused of "buying" the 2021 World Athletics Championships.
The last known secretary of Joseph Goebbels, the Nazi minister of propaganda, has died in Germany aged 106.
At least 64 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in Baghdad, Iraqi officials say.
Great Britain's top mixed doubles pair Chris and Gabby Adcock are targeting a first world badminton title since 2006.
Russian investigators are looking into 44 Russians suspected of being members of the doomsday cult Aum Shinrikyo.
Germany's central bank has proposed raising the retirement age to 69, saying the country's ageing population will put a strain on the pension system.
Police in North Dakota have arrested 26 people during a protest against a controversial oil pipeline, officials say.
A man who tried to rape a woman in Margate has been jailed for 10 years.
The Rugby Players' Association has criticised Premiership Rugby's plans for a 10-month season.
Police are investigating after 25 cars were vandalised in the north of Edinburgh.
A scheme which saw 20 bikes made available to the public is to be scrapped.
A man has appeared in court charged with murdering a 50-year-old woman who died after being attacked at her home.
Online supermarket Ocado has reported its first pre-tax profit since 2009, helped by a tie-up with Morrisons.
Wales are on the verge of qualifying for Euro 2016 and Chris Gunter says it is time to end the nation's major tournament misery.
Lewis Hamilton says he is not worried about his championship lead after poor starts in the first two races of the season.
A research centre in Strabane has been awarded almost £10m in European funding.
A 40-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences, police have said.
A former builder who sexually abused a girl over a 10-year period has been jailed for 12 years.
The word "binge-watch" has been named the Collins English Dictionary's Word of the Year 2015.
Great Britain have named a 60-strong squad for the World Rowing Cup in Florida later this month.
A Spitfire plane that crashed in County Monaghan 75 years ago has been partially excavated.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong to mark the 20th anniversary of the city's handover to Chinese rule.
Suicide attacks on Shia targets in Syria have killed at least 200 people, state media say.
Income generated from recycled waste has dropped by up to 88% in some Welsh councils.
Hampshire's Mason Crane has been called up to the England squad for the one-off Twenty20 international against Sri Lanka.
The final contracts for the £18bn Hinkley Point nuclear power plant have been signed.
The number of calls to a helpline for serving troops has risen by 30% in the past year, a charity has said.
A soldier who was injured in Afghanistan 10 years ago has been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder.
The production of cocaine in Colombia increased by 33% last year, according to the United Nations.
At least 102 people have died in a stampede at a Hindu temple in the southern Indian state of Kerala, officials say.
A 700-year-old bridge has been uncovered during a flood alleviation scheme.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Harry have visited a memorial garden to their mother on the 20th anniversary of her death.
Scott Crofts says he turned down a move to Gillingham to help his chances of being selected for Euro 2016.
Jackie Collins has died at the age of 77 after a six-year battle with breast cancer, her family has announced.
Aston Villa have been taken over by Chinese businessman Dr Tony Xia, who has invested £76m in the Championship club.
The chairman of a group which restored a 12th Century castle has resigned after receiving death threats.
A free school opened by the Prime Minister just 10 months ago has been rated "inadequate" by Ofsted.
Wales is set to be hit by winds of up to 70mph as the remnants of Hurricane Gonzalo approach.
Plans to build 200 homes on the former home of Stoke City Football Club have been announced.
BBC's Film 2016 is to get a new host after 10 years with Claudia Winkleman.
New technology can automatically identify the 10 key moments in a football match.
India suffered a 18-run defeat in the fifth and final one-day international against Australia in Canberra.
French rider Pierre Rolland won stage 16 of the Giro d'Italia as the overall standings remained unchanged.
Former Israeli President Shimon Peres has died at the age of 93, his office has announced.
A coxswain suspended from his duties at a lifeboat station has said 10 of his 11 volunteer crew members have resigned in protest.
Atletico Madrid coach Diego Simeone has extended his contract with the Spanish champions until 2018.
Austria has said it will cap the number of asylum seekers at 37,500 a year, drawing an angry response from Serbia.
Michel Platini is hoping to contest the 2015 Fifa presidential election despite being suspended by football's world governing body.
A woman has won her compensation claim against an airline after waiting 30 months for a resolution.
It would take 28 years to bring the Welsh rail network up to the required standard, the Welsh Government has claimed.
The National Crime Agency is hunting 10 of Britain's most wanted fugitives in Spain.
Residents in north London will face "significant disruption" due to the HS2 rail link, a Labour MP has said.
Plans for more than 700 student flats in a former insurance building in Belfast city centre have been submitted.
A proposed new section of the M4 would have a "significant" impact on protected wildlife sites, an inquiry has heard.
League Two clubs Wycombe and Oxford are the last two remaining non-league sides in the FA Cup.
Real Madrid have been given extra time to complete the transfer of David de Gea from Manchester United.
A collection of items from a Nottinghamshire pram-making company which was in operation for more than 150 years has sold for thousands of pounds.
The man who invented the Etch A Sketch has died at the age of 86.
Chelsea and Manchester City could face each other in the last 16 of the Europa League on Thursday.
A new football club has finally got a home ground after 10 years without one.
A Lithuanian man has admitted importing 50 weapons into the UK.
Mobile network operator EE has tested the use of drones and balloons to boost mobile coverage.
Scientists have found a fossilised fruit that is 50 million years old in Argentina.
A grandfather who murdered his 18-month-old granddaughter has been jailed for life.
Italy legend Francesco Totti has extended his contract with AS Roma until he is 40.
More than 80% of Northern Ireland business leaders support the UK remaining in the European Union, a survey has found.
Sri Lanka great Kumar Sangakkara has played his final Test, retiring after 133 matches.
A 91-year-old cyclist who was killed in a crash with a van has been named.
The UK's oldest carnival is to mark its 50th anniversary with a series of events.
Two rare porcelain cups and saucers stolen from a stately home 18 years ago have been recovered.
A 79-year-old man has been arrested in connection with a historical child sex abuse investigation.
Samsung has said that its operating profit for the fourth quarter is likely to have dropped 10% from a year earlier.
A 95-year-old man so lonely he called a radio show was invited to the studio to talk about his life.
A new vein of the rare stone Blue John has been discovered for the first time in 50 years.
A drug dealer has been found guilty of killing a 20-month-old boy.
Pre-tax profits at the Northern Ireland building materials firm Northstone have dropped by 25%.
Regular exercise can improve memory and brain health in people over 60, a study suggests.
Three men who were convicted of trying to smuggle 20 people into the UK hidden in the back of a lorry stopped at a port have been jailed.
Tesla has been cleared of any wrongdoing after a fatal crash involving a Model S car operating in Autopilot mode.
Google parent company Alphabet has reported a 20% rise in first-quarter profits, but investors were disappointed by its revenue growth.
Coventry City boosted their survival hopes with a win against 10-man Millwall at St Andrew's.
Former England Under-19s boss Sean O'Driscoll has been appointed as Liverpool's new assistant manager on a two-year contract.
The sister of a teenager murdered 20 years ago has appealed for information to bring her killer to justice.
The government has announced £20m for a new community hospital in Bridgwater.
Afghanistan achieved their first victory over Ireland in a Twenty20 international in Greater Noida.
Blackburn Rovers have appointed former player Paul Dunn as first-team coach following his departure as manager of Blackpool.
At least 30 people have been killed in a series of bombings across Iraq, officials say.
Tippi Hedren has claimed Alfred Hitchcock sexually harassed her in the 1960s.
At least 24 cadets were injured during a pillow fight at the US Military Academy, officials have said.
Tributes have been paid to a former Barnsley goalkeeper who has died at the age of 93.
Mario Balotelli has completed his £18m move from Manchester City to AC Milan.
The login system for Windows 8 will ask users to draw pictures to prove they are who they say they are, it has been revealed.
Attendances at Scottish Professional Football League games increased by more than 12% last season.
Italy coach Antonio Conte will take over as national team boss after Euro 2016 and Gian Piero Ventura will become his assistant.
The mother of murdered toddler James Bulger has said she will never give up her fight for justice.
A driver has been fined £200 for speeding on the M1 after being caught travelling at 87mph.
Three men who tackled a 21-year-old burgling their house have been given awards by police.
Gareth Batty has been appointed Surrey captain for the 2016 season.
British actor Christopher Cazenove, who starred in TV soap opera Dynasty, has died at the age of 72.
Harlow is celebrating its 70th birthday with a series of events.
A 16-year-old boy has been jailed for killing Aberdeen schoolboy Bailey Gwynne.
Tennis star Venus Williams is being investigated over the death of a 78-year-old man in a car crash.
England have named a 23-player squad for a training camp in Spain as manager Mark Sampson continues preparations for the European Championship.
Kevin Pietersen set a new Twenty20 world record by scoring 149 not out for South Africa's Dolphins against the Knights.
Hosting three Rugby World Cup matches in Newcastle has brought an estimated £43m economic impact to the city, organisers have said.
An animal sanctuary has taken in 24 bearded dragons abandoned by their owner.
A series of cultural exchanges between Wales and India is being launched as part of the 2017 UK-India Year of Culture.
Plans to build a new 18-hole golf course on a stretch of sand dunes in the Highlands have been opposed by four conservation charities.
Lancashire all-rounder Tom Smith has retired from cricket at the age of 28.
The UK's inflation rate rose last month for the first time in four months, reaching its lowest level in 15 months.
The process of improving one of Scotland's most notorious stretches of road, the A9 Berriedale Braes in Caithness, has begun.
The first scheduled flight to land on a beach is to be marked with a celebration at Barra Airport.
The Garden Bridge Trust has announced that Transport for London will contribute £10m to the project.
Marcus Trescothick's 257 was not enough to prevent Somerset leading Notts by 13 on the third day at Trent Bridge.
A cable car system similar to those found in Rio de Janeiro and Paris could be coming to Cardiff, according to business leaders.
Scientists have cured type 1 diabetes in mice using stem cells, raising hopes for a treatment for the condition.
An Irish priest who was shot dead in 1933 has been beatified after a process that took 80 years.
Police in Europe have arrested 13 people in connection with an alleged Islamist network, Italian authorities say.
A Northern Ireland Bat Group has been inundated with calls about baby bats, with 100 rescued in the last month.
More than 200 jobs will go at Southampton City Council if proposed cuts go ahead, the authority has said.
The first services to mark 20 years since the first women priests were ordained in Wales are to be held.
A 24-year-old Swiss woman has been gang raped in the northern Indian state of Himachal Pradesh, police say.
One of the last surviving leaders of the French Resistance, Raymond Aubrac, has died in Paris aged 97.
Nigerian police have arrested 57 men they say were caught engaging in gay acts.
A former principal bought season tickets for Manchester United games 20 years ago, it has been revealed.
England pace bowler James Anderson has taken his 237th one-day international wicket to break the previous record held by Darren Gough.
Germany's economy grew by 1.9% in 2016, according to an early estimate from the country's statistics office.
A Turkish military jet has crashed in the south-east of the country, killing a pilot who had served for 34 years.
Lancashire Police has warned that communities will be "left at risk" if it is forced to save Â£99m over the next four years.
A council paid out £5m in compensation to animal exporters after a ban on live exports was overturned, it has been revealed.
Livingston moved back to the top of League One after a 10th consecutive league win.
Monty Python star Michael Palin is to be honoured with a Bafta fellowship at this year's TV awards.
Polish film director Krzysztof Wajda has died at the age of 90, his family has announced.
Two University Challenge stars are to present their own radio show on BBC Radio 4.
Barclays has set aside £560m to cover legal and compensation costs, as it reported a fall in third-quarter profits.
An Iron Age settlement has been discovered in Dorset which is 100 years earlier than previously thought, students have said.
The US has charged seven Iranian hackers with targeting more than 300 companies in the US and abroad.
At least 16 people have been killed in a US drone strike in north-western Pakistan, officials say.
An Iranian court has sentenced an Iranian-American dual national to 10 years in prison, Iranian media report.
A new media centre in Carmarthen which would have created 1,000 jobs is set to be rejected by the Welsh Government.
Tom Daley won 10m platform silver at the FINA World Championships in Kazan to add to his Olympic bronze.
Will Rodwell says his life has changed dramatically in the past 12 months.
Racing jockey Tom Queally has been banned from driving for 12 months after being convicted of drink driving.
The owners of Silverstone have ended talks over the sale of the home of the British Formula 1 Grand Prix.
South Korea is willing to discuss co-hosting the 2018 Winter Olympics with North Korea, says the country's sports minister.
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a schoolgirl 52 years ago.
A concert in the south of Scotland has been cancelled for 2016 after poor ticket sales.
Glamorgan chief executive Hugh Morris says the county need to strengthen their fast bowling department in 2017.
Bolivians have voted against allowing President Evo Morales to run for a fourth term in office, ending 13 years of power for the left-wing leader.
Hampshire beat Glamorgan by 10 runs in the T20 Blast to move top of the South Group.
The public has been asked for its views on plans to convert a 30-mile stretch of the M4 into a "smart" motorway.
The Welsh government has said it will review its 125 marine protected areas (MPAs) rather than create new ones.
A murder investigation should be reopened into the killing of a woman 40 years ago, a campaigner has said.
A man has appeared in court charged with supplying drugs after a 17-year-old girl died after taking a "legal high" in Devon.
Portugal has approved a law allowing the descendants of Jews expelled 500 years ago to apply for citizenship.
A 10-year-old boy was unable to get on an Air Canada flight because it was overbooked, his family says.
Students in Northern Ireland are more satisfied with their lives than their 15-year-old counterparts in other parts of the UK, a study suggests.
England have ruled out off-spinner Danielle Hazell from the first Twenty20 international against India in Mumbai on Tuesday.
Welsh snowboarder Zoe Potter says qualifying for the 2018 Winter Olympics is her main aim for the rest of the season.
Norway's far-right mass killer Anders Behring Breivik has made 27 complaints about his prison conditions, a Norwegian newspaper says.
Just over one in 20 of you got the top three finishers in the British Grand Prix bang on.
Flash floods in Indonesia have killed at least 104 people and left dozens missing, officials say.
A woman who says she was abused by a man when she was a child has told a court she could not "live with the guilt" any longer.
More than 50% of junior doctors in England have voted to strike, according to the British Medical Association.
The Queen has sent her first ever birthday tweet as she celebrates her 90th birthday.
Alliance Trust Management has announced a 20% cut in costs after months of pressure from investors.
More than 19 million people in China are at risk of drinking water contaminated with arsenic, a study suggests.
A protest has been held outside Liverpool Town Hall over the city council's plans to save £156m over the next three years.
Boeing has unveiled a new, larger overhead bin for its 737 aircraft.
All of Wales' local authorities have now taken part in the resettlement of Syrian refugees, with 285 people having been housed in the country.
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg has said that the prison population in England and Wales is double what it was in 1993.
The operator of Southern rail paid out the most in compensation to passengers for delayed journeys in 2016, according to figures released by the Department for Transport.
Former Nottingham Forest player Colin McGovern believes Oliver Burke's £13m move to Germany will be a "massive step".
US Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas has asked a question during a hearing for the first time in 10 years.
A by-election for the Scottish Borders constituency will take place on 8 June, the Scottish Parliament has confirmed.
The Northern Ireland Assembly election on 2 March was not caused by the Renewable Heat Incentive scandal, the leader of the Ulster Unionist Party has said.
The new Xbox console is the most powerful gaming device ever made, its maker has said.
A Welsh brewery is to open 50 new coffee shops in a bid to boost profits.
Manchester City have signed defender Nicolas Otamendi from Valencia for a fee that could reach £32m.
A man who murdered a pensioner in his own home has been jailed for at least 13 years.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho believes all 25 of his players are feeling the pressure of their recent poor performances.
A 15-year-old girl hit by a car has been left in the street by the driver, police have said.
Up to 70 jobs are at risk after a proposal to close a Tannoy plant in North Lanarkshire.
More than 20 girls who were caught up in the Holy Cross school protests have been awarded compensation for their experiences.
A German institute is to publish the first new edition of Adolf Hitler's book Mein Kampf in 70 years.
A military plane that crashed in Myanmar last month killing 106 people was caused by bad weather, investigators say.
Newsweek has published its last print edition, after 80 years in print.
A man in his 20s has been airlifted to hospital after a crash on the M6 in Staffordshire.
More than £1bn is contributed to the Scottish economy each year by about 35,000 international students from outside the EU, according to a new report.
A man has been stabbed at a gig in Glasgow, leaving him with a cut to his hand.
The Football Association has welcomed Uefa's decision to charge Serbia over the scenes that followed England's Under-21 win in Krusevac.
Projects to regenerate town centres across south Wales are to be given a £40m boost.
The growth in global energy demand last year was at its slowest for 16 years, according to oil giant BP.
Surrey have signed Australia all-rounder Dan Christian for this summer's T20 Blast.
Police investigating the death of a teenager 21 years ago have said they have a DNA profile of the person who killed her.
Japan's benchmark stock index fell on Monday, with shares in Toshiba contributing to a 1% drop.
The story of bodies buried on Deadman's Island 200 years ago has been the most popular on the BBC Inside Out Facebook page.
A 31-year-old man has been jailed for shining a laser at a police helicopter.
Northern Ireland will host the 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games, it has been confirmed.
Footfall increased in four of the 10 towns in the Scottish Borders last year, according to new figures.
The Atlantic Ocean's first tropical storm of 2015 has formed, US forecasters say.
England players will see match fees rise by 50% under a new deal, according to Rugby Players' Association chief executive Rob Hopley.
The best-selling record of the 1960s was a song by Cliff Richard, according to a new chart.
A 33-year-old man has been shot dead at a birthday party in a house in Surrey.
A discount bus pass scheme for 16 to 18 year olds will continue, Economy Secretary Ken Skates has confirmed.
Former Open champion Paul Lawrie says he is "hating" his current form as he prepares for an operation on his foot at the age of 47.
A service has been held to mark the 100th Remembrance Sunday in Wales.
American golfer Jason Bohn has had a mild heart attack and withdrawn from the Honda Classic at the age of 43.
Oil prices have fallen by more than 5% after OPEC decided to keep oil production high.
A man who admitted to a 50-minute high-speed chase has been jailed.
At least 15 people have been killed in a gun battle between rival drug gangs in Mexico, officials say.
The Lion King has been selected for preservation by the US National Film Registry, 20 years after its 1994 release.
At least 30 people have been killed in a church collapse in Nigeria, officials say.
Ireland suffered a 16-run defeat by Afghanistan in the second one-day international in India.
Wales must win in Dublin on Monday to keep their hopes of qualifying for the 2018 World Cup alive, says Sam Vokes.
A 59-year-old woman's body has been found in a flat in Edinburgh.
A man who hacked into the email accounts of prominent Americans, including Hillary Clinton, has been sentenced to 20 months in prison.
BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris Stark is to receive an honorary degree from the University of East Anglia.
Gambling revenue in the Chinese territory of Macau set an annual record in 2010, official figures show.
Steel giant Tata has been fined after exposing 10 workers to a potentially deadly chemical leak.
Global drinks giants have bought 10 of the 35 new distilleries in England and Wales, according to accountants.
Luton Airport could expand to handle 30 million passengers a year, it has been revealed.
A man who admitted sexually assaulting a 12-year-old girl has been jailed.
Former Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says he believes he will not return to coaching in 10 years.
Wales has been battered by winds of up to 80mph, with damage caused to buildings and travel disruption.
12 Years a Slave has topped the US box office for a second week, 12 weeks after its release.
The number of cases of syphilis in London has risen by 56% in the past year, according to the latest figures.
A decision to improve global flight tracking has been made following the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines flight MH370.
Former Wales and Lions scrum-half Mike Phillips has been signed for Sale Sharks in the Premiership.
A £30m hydroelectric power scheme has been scrapped after the developer said it could not meet the latest requirements.
A plot to smuggle more than 40kg of heroin into Wales has been foiled, after 12 people were convicted.
The £200m Science Central development in Newcastle has officially opened.
At least 14 people have been injured in a collision between two trains in California, officials say.
The number of people convicted of animal cruelty in Wales has risen by 20%, according to the RSPCA.
The NHS is failing to treat one in every 12 cancer patients within 62 days, figures show.
The Community Shield match will raise £3m for the Grenfell Tower fire appeal, the Football Association and English Football League have announced.
Shares in the Co-operative Group have jumped 10% after the mutual reported a return to profit.
Nek Chand, the creator of the famous Rock Garden in the Indian city of Chandigarh, has died aged 90.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is to visit Russia for the first time in two years, the Kremlin has announced.
The 350th anniversary of the Great Fire of London is being marked by the release of special stamps.
Prince Charles has arrived in Guyana for the first time in 20 years, to mark the 20th anniversary of the Iwokrama rainforest.
Swansea City's former chairman Gwilym Joseph has died at the age of 89.
Sheffield United have released goalkeeper Mark Baldock and winger Matty Blair among 11 players at the end of the season.
A trial has begun in Argentina for five men accused of human rights abuses 40 years ago.
Australian authorities have identified 10 women who have tried to join Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.
More than 1,000 firefighters in Wales are to receive compensation for underpayment of their pensions.
The first US ambassador in 18 years has arrived in Havana to take up his post.
A man who killed his wife after 25 years of marriage has been found guilty of culpable homicide.
The number of cannabis factories discovered by police in the UK has risen by 50% in the past year, according to a report.
Hearts fans could acquire 25% of Ann Budge's shares if they maintain their current financial support, the Tynecastle club has said.
Ronny Deila believes qualifying for the 2016 Europa League would be the biggest achievement of his career.
Former Aberdeen player Paul Sheerin has been appointed as the Dons' Under-20 coach.
American football safety Troy Polamalu has retired from the sport at the age of 33.
A new £20m pool in Derby is set to replace an existing one which is to be demolished, the city council has said.
UN investigators are considering publishing the names of more than 200 suspected war criminals in Syria.
Up to 10,000 people have attended anti-austerity rallies in Dublin and other parts of Ireland.
A database of trees has been compiled over 30 years to help city planners choose the best species to plant in urban areas.
Russia manager Leonid Slutsky says he will quit after Euro 2016, which his side have failed to qualify from.
Police searching for the remains of a schoolgirl who went missing 60 years ago have identified five objects of interest in a canal.
More than 40% of 11- to 18-year-olds check their mobile phones at least once an hour during the night, a survey suggests.
A chef who tried to kill his boss by hitting him with a meat cleaver has been jailed for 12 years.
A hospital needs 1,000 parking spaces to address current issues, its chief executive has said.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor Townsend wants to reach the Pro12 play-offs and then go one better by winning the title.
West Bromwich Albion striker Saido Berahino has been banned from driving for 18 months after admitting drink-driving.
Ecuador will hold a run-off election on 14 February after no candidate won an outright majority in the presidential poll.
Email addresses and passwords for more than 100 US government employees have been found on the internet, a security firm has said.
Britain's Olympic weightlifting hopes will be decided at the European Championships in Norway on 16 April.
Children under the age of 11 are no longer allowed to head the ball in training under new guidelines set by US Soccer.
Aberdeen-based Proserv has won two contracts worth more than £10m with oil and gas companies.
A US court has heard graphic details of the injuries suffered by victims of the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings.
The US has condemned an Afghan government order to free 37 prisoners as a "major step backwards".
Sir Matthew Pinsent and Chris Hoy will be among the BBC's presenting team for the Rio 2016 Olympics.
An oil and gas company is to expand its operations in Angus, creating 100 new jobs.
A lorry has been removed from a house 24 hours after it crashed through a wall.
Boyhood has won four awards at the New York Film Critics Circle awards, putting it in strong contention for the 2015 Oscars.
A row has broken out over plans to merge three schools in north Wales.
Cardiff Blues lock Luke Charteris will play for Cambridge in the Varsity match on 9 January.
Land Rover has unveiled a design concept for its new Defender, which is due to be launched in 2015.
A pool which has been in operation for more than 100 years is to close.
Darren Stevens scored 109 to help Kent take control of their Division Two match against Essex.
Wales' largest police force is to issue 500 body cameras to officers.
At least 10 people were arrested after violence broke out at Donald Trump's rally in Chicago, the police say.
More than 100 pupils have been sent home from a Bradford school for not adhering to a strict new school uniform policy.
North Korea has sentenced a US citizen to 15 years hard labour for crimes against the state.
Average speed cameras are to be introduced on the M74 to improve safety during construction work.
A British student has been jailed for 10 months in the United Arab Emirates for possession of cocaine.
Olympic chiefs have warned golf's tour operators that the sport's inclusion in Rio 2016 could be in jeopardy if doping is not taken seriously.
Australian police have released footage of the final moments of the Sydney cafe siege, in which 17 people were killed.
A man who posted racist comments on Facebook about murdered toddler Mikaeel Kular has been jailed for 60 days.
A retail and leisure development worth £100m has been given the go-ahead after a series of setbacks.
Scotland has achieved its annual greenhouse gas emissions target for the first time since 2011.
Manchester City have made a final bid of £24m for West Bromwich Albion defender Jonny Evans.
More than 1,000 youth workers and learning support staff have been added to a professional register in Wales.
Insurer Royal Sun Alliance is to close its office in Birmingham with the loss of 190 jobs.
Gemma Arterton is in talks to star in a West End musical version of the Oscar-nominated 2010 film Made in Dagenham.
Two men have been jailed for stealing more than 100 sheep.
Orange Order members have said they will march on 12 July despite a parades commission ruling that they should not.
Real Madrid have been asked by Fifa to provide information on 51 players, including 10 who were signed as minors.
Hibernian midfielder Scott Commons has refused to discuss his future beyond the end of his loan at Easter Road in January.
The BBC has extended its deal to show the Six Nations rugby tournament until March 2017.
England and Scotland will wear poppy armbands during their World Cup qualifier on 12 November despite Fifa's ban.
The funding for Techniquest in Cardiff will end in 2021, the Welsh Government has confirmed.
Billie Piper and David Tennant are to return for Doctor Who's 50th anniversary special, it has been confirmed.
Middlesex have re-signed New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum for this summer's T20 Blast.
Oil prices fell 3% on the last trading day of 2015, sending US stocks lower.
Tesco is selling 150 stores in the US to a private equity firm.
A wildlife rescue centre has received more than 20 calls about swans injured by discarded fishing equipment.
A 17th Century pub has been saved by the community after being put up for sale.
Anna Christian and Mel Lowther will compete for Great Britain at the European Road Championships in Denmark next month.
Italian police have arrested 19 people in an investigation into match-fixing in lower league football.
A prison in the North West of England has been rated as "poor" for the first time in 10 years.
Cheltenham Town ended a run of 10 league games without a win as they came from behind to beat Forest Green Rovers.
The name Boaty McBoatface has been suggested for a new polar research ship.
A bubble tea chain that planned to pay staff as little as £1 an hour has changed its policy.
A 24-year-old man has been arrested by police investigating phone hacking.
The oldest working windmill in England has had its sails replaced for the first time in 50 years.
England's opening game at the 2015 Rugby World Cup will be shown live on BBC Two.
A Florida county is considering using 10 mosques as polling places after a local Islamic centre was denied the right to host a polling station.
At least 38 people have been killed in suicide attacks on military checkpoints in Yemen's second city of Aden.
A record 17 women have been elected to the Iranian parliament for the first time, President Hassan Rouhani has said.
A Canadian family is homeless after a fire destroyed their home of 25 years.
A 15-year-old student has been arrested on suspicion of stabbing a teacher in the stomach at a school in Bradford.
A landslide in a village in Colombia has killed at least 68 people, the president says.
Tributes are pouring in for Gwen Ifill, the veteran US journalist who died on Monday at the age of 61.
UKIP is targeting winning seats in the Welsh Assembly in the 2016 election, its Welsh chairman has said.
Two young European eels have been found in a river for the first time in 20 years.
A fire engine crew commander has been sacked after a 76-year-old woman died in a house fire.
Jenson Button says he will retire from Formula 1 at the end of the season.
Former Home Secretary Lord Waddington has died at the age of 87.
Camera maker GoPro has announced plans to cut 15% of its jobs as part of a restructuring.
Yemen's rebels have released a presidential aide they had held for 10 months.
North Korea is holding its first local elections since Kim Jong-un took power 10 years ago.
Four-time TT winner Ian Hutchinson has withdrawn from the Ulster Grand Prix.
More than 40 jobs have been lost at a Lancashire packaging firm following the introduction of the 5p charge for plastic bags.
Consumer confidence fell to its lowest level in more than 20 years in the wake of the EU referendum, according to a survey.
A man has been jailed for perverting the course of justice after a 17-year-old boy was killed in a hit-and-run.
Three-time Paralympic gold medallist Jody Brown has ruled out competing at Rio 2016.
Cardiff Blues scored four tries in their first European Champions Cup win of the season against Pau.
The introduction of a 20mph speed limit in Edinburgh has moved a step closer.
There are now eight FTSE 100 companies with female chief executives.
A 19th Century theatre is to be auctioned after a charity failed to take on the building.
Police have launched a murder investigation after an 84-year-old woman died in a fire at a house in Kilmarnock.
Edinburgh will host the European Champions Cup final in 2017, European Professional Club Rugby has announced.
Tottenham have signed Spain striker Roberto Soldado from Valencia for a club record transfer fee, thought to be about £26m.
A woman who has had 10 children has had her sterilisation authorised by a High Court judge.
Six teams have been shortlisted to rebuild a 18th Century stately home destroyed by fire.
A photographic exhibition is being held to mark the 50th anniversary of a Victorian railway station's demolition.
A Swansea man has been left baffled by a postcard which has been in his possession for 29 years.
Manchester City Council is to review the effectiveness of 20mph speed limits in residential areas.
A man who spent 38 years on the run after escaping from court has been sentenced to 12 years in jail.
Up to 76 jobs are planned to be cut at Telford College, which is in financial difficulty.
A man in the US has been cleared of a murder conviction after 25 years in prison.
More than 200 businesses in Edinburgh have been fined for putting their waste in communal bins.
Former Carry On actor Lord Rix has changed his mind about the assisted dying law at the age of 88.
A man who lived on the streets for 23 years has been honoured for his work helping others.
India completed a series whitewash in Sri Lanka by beating the hosts by an innings and 171 runs in the second Test in Colombo.
The Lawn Tennis Association has announced plans to invest £250m in improving tennis facilities across the UK.
BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game at the 2014 World Cup.
The UK music industry achieved its highest annual revenues in 2016, according to the British Phonographic Industry (BPI).
Two men have died in a crash on the A713 near Carsphairn in Dumfries and Galloway.
Former England batsman Ed Joyce will return to play for Ireland for the first time since October 2012.
County cricket will play 14 Championship games in a new season which starts in April and ends in September.
Leeds Rhinos are expecting to spend £1m repairing flood damage to their training ground.
At least 17 people have been killed in a factory fire in Bangladesh, officials say.
Artist John Simpson has won the 2016 John Moores Painting Prize.
Long daytime naps could be a sign of type-2 diabetes, according to Japanese researchers.
A man who drove for 12 hours after the Manchester attack to help people has said he was "gutted" he could not do more.
Police have found 16 petrol bombs in a street in west Belfast.
A record-equalling 11 Scottish athletes have been selected for the Great Britain team for the Rio Olympics.
Police in western India have found 13 female foetuses in a well in Maharashtra state.
A man who threatened to blow up a hospital in the Highlands, forcing the evacuation of 29 people, has been jailed.
The world's food supply is vulnerable to natural disasters and climate change, a report says.
A portrait of a shopkeeper which has been missing for 25 years is to be restored.
Former British champion Hannah King could compete for Wales at the 2018 Commonwealth Games in Australia.
A growing problem of children with autism is to be tackled with a £3m cash injection.
A suicide attack in Iraq has killed at least 32 people, including children, officials say.
Saudi Arabia has announced a $500bn Red Sea tourism project.
A 16th Century hall has been severely damaged by fire.
A court in India has rejected a request by two Italian marines to spend Christmas with their families in Italy.
Tributes have been pouring in on Twitter after the death of Muhammad Ali, with more than 500 tweets sent per second.
A military barracks in Powys which has been in operation for more than 200 years is to close, the Ministry of Defence has announced.
A graveyard containing at least 20 skeletons has been uncovered during an excavation in Peterborough.
Featherstone secured their place in the quarter-finals with a 10-point win over Halifax.
An inquest into the IRA's Kingsmill massacre has been delayed for a 40th time because there is no coroner available.
A vital component of a Nazi Lorenz cipher machine from the 1940s has been recreated using 3D printing technology.
England's Matt Fitzpatrick and Thailand's Kiradech Aphibarnrat shared the lead on 14 under after a third round of 67 at the Alfred Dunhill Links Championship
Meet the youngest chess master in the US - a 10-year-old girl.
England manager Roy Hodgson has dismissed calls to include West Ham striker Andy Carroll in his squad for Euro 2016.
Bob the Builder is back - and he's got a new voice.
Zambia has arrested 13 Chinese nationals for illegal mining, the Chinese foreign ministry says.
Archaeologists have discovered a Roman coin in the foundations of a 12th Century castle.
Dundee City Council has approved contracts worth more than £500,000 for the city's £1bn waterfront development.
Israeli police say they have tracked down and killed the suspected gunman who killed three people in Tel Aviv in less than 24 hours.
Shares in Paddy Power Betfair have dropped 7% after the bookmaker reported a loss.
Women being denied their pensions are facing "financial hardship" and should be given them, MPs have said.
Aberystwyth University has been awarded £4m lottery cash to restore one of Wales' most important historic buildings.
Notts County chairman Alan Hardy has appointed five new board members to help run the League Two club.
A delay in the tidal lagoon project could lead to the loss of 100 jobs, it has been claimed.
A major motoring festival in Coventry has been cancelled for 2015.
The new trailer for the 24th James Bond film Spectre suggests the movie will be a return to the spy's action-packed roots.
A Walkers crisp factory in County Durham is to close with the loss of 378 jobs, the company has confirmed.
A £6m funding package has been announced by the Welsh government for an inland surfing lagoon.
Blink-182 guitarist Tom DeLonge has returned to the band after a 10-day absence.
A car has been found following an armed robbery in which a box of cash was stolen from a security van in Glasgow city centre.
Former Wales striker Dean Saunders could be charged Â£1,000 for his parking if the team win Euro 2016.
Wales lock Alun Wyn Jones is a target for Harlequins, according to the Premiership club's director of rugby John Kingston.
Falkirk Council has become the first local authority in Scotland to invest in a new housing fund.
A Bangladeshi man who was separated from his family for 25 years has returned home.
Animal welfare groups have seized 30 puppies being transported from the Republic of Ireland to Wales.
Six common British butterfly species could become extinct within 50 years due to climate change, a study suggests.
A helpline that replaced the NHS non-emergency 0845 number has been identified as a "red risk" to patient safety.
A man who borrowed thousands of pounds from his friends has had his jail term suspended after repaying the cash.
Antonio Conte has been appointed as the new coach of Italy for Euro 2016.
Coca-Cola has reported a 4% drop in first-quarter profit, as the world's biggest drinks maker struggles with slowing demand in key markets.
Hollywood actor George Clooney has surprised a 90-year-old care home resident by visiting her.
More than 100 doctors and health professionals have signed a letter criticising the government's record on the NHS.
Archaeologists have discovered the remains of 16th Century defensive walls at Edinburgh Castle.
Former Wrexham player Dean Keates has been appointed as the new manager of the National League club on a contract until 2019.
The government has announced 1,000 new medical training places to help tackle the shortage of doctors in the NHS.
The production of opium in Afghanistan has increased by 10% this year, the UN says.
A new death toll of 140 has been reported after an attack on a military base in Libya.
Girls as young as 10 are being married off in some parts of the world, a report by Save the Children says.
The M1 was closed in both directions after a passenger plane made an emergency landing at East Midlands Airport.
Spotlight has been named best feature film at the 2015 Gotham Independent Film Awards.
Matchbox labels in India have been produced for more than 150 years.
Leigh McDonnell will fight for the WBA super-bantamweight world title on 9 April.
New Zealand's oldest pelican has died at the age of 37, his zoo has announced.
Hockey legend Gordie Howe has died at the age of 91, his family has announced.
The US law firm Axiom is to create 97 new jobs in Belfast.
A woman who has been selling poppies for more than 75 years has said she will continue to do so despite her age.
Yorkshire could host the first day-night Test match in England in 2017.
A government inspector has rejected plans for a 510-home development in an East Yorkshire village.
Charlton Athletic have sacked head coach Karel Fraeye after 10 games without a win.
The US economy grew at its fastest pace in more than two years in 2014, but the pace of expansion slowed in the final three months of the year.
General Motors (GM) has announced its exit from the Indian market after 17 years, citing "challenging market conditions".
At least 270 pilot whales have died after being stranded on a beach in New Zealand.
Liam Livingstone has been named in a 15-man England squad for the three-match Twenty20 series against South Africa.
More than 50 patients who had eye surgery in a mobile operating theatre at a Somerset hospital have experienced complications.
A coach and a lorry have crashed on the A34 in Oxfordshire, leaving three people injured.
Plans to improve the A27 in West Sussex have been described as a "sham" by two councils.
The Northern Ireland Assembly has rejected a call to reduce the £90 parking fine.
A close friend of Elvis Presley who was with the singer when he died has died, aged 81.
Hampshire captain James Vince says he is relishing the chance to play in the World Twenty20 in India.
Abellio ScotRail is to recruit up to 100 new train drivers as part of its plans to expand services across Scotland.
A study of 10,000 children in Aberdeenshire is to be repeated 50 years on.
Former Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli has announced her retirement from tennis, aged 31 and ranked world number seven.
Formula 1 teams want to revert to the 2015 qualifying system but have been told it is not possible.
Southampton have signed Nathan Redmond from Norwich City for a fee that could reach £10m.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says there is "no price" for striker Harry Kane after he broke a club record.
More than 100 children in south west Wales have contracted measles, health officials have said.
A decision on the future of a 20th Century concert hall in Perth could be made next week.
A murder investigation has been launched after a 43-year-old man died in a suspected attack in Glasgow.
An exhibition has been held to mark 20 years since the closure of Ipswich Airport.
British soldiers in World War One spent most of their time away from the front line, a study of their activities in 1914-18 has found.
A row between Conservative AMs over the M4 relief road has been described as "tittle-tattle".
A 61-year-old man has accused a former scout of sexually abusing him at a south London football club.
A 21-year-old man has died after a night out in south-east London.
Gymnast Callum MacKenzie hopes to compete for South Africa at the 2016 Olympics.