A team of volunteers has found medieval graffiti in 50 churches in Norfolk.
A 10-year-old boy is in hospital in Texas with severe burns after he was set on fire by another boy.
A man has admitted conspiring to import cocaine worth £100m into the UK.
Rihanna has become the latest star to express her shock at the lorry attack in Nice, France, which killed 84 people.
The 96 people who died in the Hillsborough disaster have been awarded the freedom of Liverpool.
Great Britain's athletes will have a chance to fine-tune their preparations for the Rio Olympics with a number of big names in action at the Birmingham Diamond League meeting.
Leigh Centurions have signed Australian half-back Daniel Mortimer on a three-year contract.
Somalia has deported about 400 Kenyans for overstaying their visas, the first such move in more than two decades.
At least 146 people have died across the South Asian region as monsoon floods continue to batter the area.
Tiger Woods has fallen out of the world's top 100 for the first time in 19 years.
Volleyball could be in danger of disappearing from the Channel Islands for a decade if Guernsey hosts the 2021 Island Games.
Luis Suarez will play in a charity match at Anfield on 6 June.
At least 27 people have been killed in a train derailment in central Burma, the information ministry says.
Facebook could be fined 250 euros per day in Belgium if it fails to comply with a court order to stop tracking users.
South Africa's Western Cape province has declared a state of disaster over a severe drought for the first time in 20 years.
Shares in mining giant Glencore have fallen more than 20% after the firm warned that metal prices could be at rock bottom.
The M1 will be closed for gas works over two weekends in August.
A girl who suffered brain damage after being left in a cot for hours without medical attention is to receive £5m from an NHS trust.
England manager Roy Hodgson says Harry Kane wants to join the Under-21s for the European Championships this summer.
Former England batsman Rob Key has announced his retirement after a 17-year career.
A drug dealer who murdered a teenager in Gloucester has been jailed for at least 25 years.
The Pope has called for justice for the victims of the bombing of a Jewish centre in Buenos Aires 20 years ago.
Five-time Olympic champion Michael Phelps has announced he will retire after the Tokyo Games in 2020.
An 18-month-old boy has been blinded in one eye after a drone crashed into his face.
Guns N' Roses are to close the Glastonbury Festival in 2017, according to a new tour announcement.
Wales women drew with Austria in their final Euro 2017 qualifier at Rodney Parade.
The first film in Peter Jackson's Hobbit trilogy is to premiere in Wellington, New Zealand, 11 years after the first Lord of the Rings film.
The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1 has taken the top spot in the UK box office charts for the weekend.
Police have re-opened an investigation into the murder of a west Belfast man 15 years ago.
The Royal Bank of Scotland is to shift 31 jobs in the UK to India as part of a restructuring of its small business lending operations.
Honduras has suspended eight consuls in the US for 60 days for issuing false identity papers.
India's new government will present its first full budget on 11 July, the finance ministry said.
Car insurance costs are set to rise to record levels, with 2016 the last time they were at their lowest, a comparison site has said.
A man has admitted killing a 21-month-old girl who was mauled to death by his dog.
Los Angeles has voted to bid to host the 2024 Summer Olympics.
The founder of Wales' first children's hospice has died at the age of 73.
A new £10m super laundry has been officially opened by a Fife-based company.
A theme park where a schoolgirl died will reopen on 13 May, a week after the tragedy.
The final words spoken by the pilot of missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 were not "all right, good night", Malaysian authorities have said.
The 2017 Ulster Senior Football Championship (SFC) draw has been made.
A Sheffield steel foundry is to safeguard 200 jobs after winning a series of contracts to build parts for the US Navy.
A 71-year-old British pensioner has become the oldest person to reach the South Pole.
The number of people living with cancer in Scotland has reached a 10-year high, a charity has said.
A man who sexually abused four girls over a period of more than 20 years has been jailed for 10 months.
British male artist Sam Smith has scored his second UK number one album - the first for 21 years.
Former Glamorgan coach Jeff Derrick has died at the age of 60 after a battle with cancer.
Walsall remained unbeaten in League One as George Evans scored his first goal for the Saddlers in a 2-0 win at Peterborough.
FA Cup fifth round action begins on Sunday, 26 February.
The number of stray dogs put to sleep by Northern Ireland councils has fallen by 30% in the past year.
A Polish woman who went missing 12 years ago was killed by her ex-husband, a court has heard.
A dog that had been missing for 12 days has been rescued from a gorge in the Highlands.
Two women who hid a man's body on their Welsh religious community's land for five years have been given suspended prison sentences.
A man who has been jailed 10 times for breaching an order to keep out of Torquay town centre has been jailed again.
India has agreed to buy 36 Rafale fighter jets from France, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced.
The 1981 film Chariots of Fire is to be re-released to tie in with the London 2012 Olympics.
Shares in Yahoo jumped more than 10% after reports that Microsoft is considering making a bid to buy the company.
At least 68 people have died in Cuba after a passenger plane crashed in a mountainous area of the central province of Sancti Spiritus.
Fast and Furious 6 has topped the UK box office in its opening weekend, beating Baz Luhrmann's The Great Gatsby to the top spot.
Japan has protested after a fleet of 22 Chinese vessels sailed into Japanese-controlled waters in the East China Sea.
Chinese state media say five people have been killed in a car attack in the Xinjiang capital, Urumqi.
Taylor Swift has been accused of failing to credit an artist whose fox painting she used on the cover of her 1989 album.
Sussex and England fast bowler Matthew Hobden has died at the age of 20.
The barcode is 60 years old but its inventor does not think the QR code poses a threat to the black-and-white stripes.
A British Formula 4 racing driver who lost his legs in a crash is now out of hospital.
A leading economic forecasting institute is to be expanded following a £1m investment.
Ulster will be without Ireland wing Craig Gilroy for Saturday's Pro12 game against the Cardiff Blues.
A housing association has been forced to apply for planning permission to be able to move 55 homes built in the wrong place.
Producers of the new Harry Potter play have refused entry to more than 90% of tickets resold on the secondary market.
Olympic sailing gold medallist Hannah Mills says she may not defend her title beyond the 2017 Games.
A tea cup used by Jeremy Corbyn has raised £51 for charity after the Labour leader left it on a table at a rally.
The 2016 mayoral election in London is still some way off.
Graham Allen, who has been the MP for Nottingham North for 30 years, has announced he will step down at the general election.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher on Wednesday, helped by a rebound in commodity stocks.
A blind veteran is aiming to compete in the 2012 London Olympics.
Haiti is to form a standing army for the first time in 21 years.
A 15-year-old boy cleared of attempted murder has been convicted of wounding with a knife.
Hosts China top the medal table at the 2015 World Athletics Championships in Beijing.
A charity has criticised a work experience placement for students who want to study medicine which costs £1,000.
Ireland have appointed former Sri Lanka fast bowler Chaminda Vaas as their bowling coach for the World Twenty20.
Liberia has confirmed its first case of Ebola since the country was declared free of the disease 18 months ago.
A former Dorset scout leader has been jailed for 12 years for sexually abusing boys over a 41-year period.
A World War Two veteran who survived the Burma-Thailand railway has died at the age of 100.
Italian historians have identified 20 people they believe are descended from Leonardo da Vinci.
More than 160 soldiers have been injured during live firing exercises at an Army training camp in Northumberland over the past three years.
A son who stabbed his father 26 times has been jailed for life.
David Florence won the C2 world canoe slalom title at the Rio Olympics test event in Brazil.
A multi-academy trust running 14 schools has been criticised by Ofsted for its "inadequate" leadership.
Former Formula 1 driver Sir Stirling Moss has been taken to hospital in London with pneumonia at the age of 87.
Lancashire Police has announced plans to save a further £20m from its budget.
A 14-year-old girl has helped deliver her baby brother in North Carolina, US, after asking the doctor if she could "play doctor".
BBC Radio 4 will keep the Saturday arts review show, it has been confirmed.
The 2016 Oscars ceremony saw a decline in ratings, despite a social media buzz around the event.
Wales could make it more difficult for themselves to reach the 2019 World Cup by losing their next two games, says former Wales wing Shane Williams.
President Trump has held a fundraiser at his Washington hotel for his 2020 election campaign.
James Vince's 52 helped Hampshire take control of their game against Sussex at Hove.
Great Britain's James Guy finished second in the men's 400m freestyle at the World Championships in Russia.
Hewlett Packard Enterprise has unveiled a computer it claims is the first major redesign in more than 50 years.
Polling stations have opened across Scotland for the 2015 general election.
Plans to turn Swansea's Kingsway into a pedestrianised boulevard at the cost of £30m have been met with mixed reactions.
A scientist who bequeathed £1m in offshore bank accounts to the Royal Society was not confused about where the UK ends, a judge has ruled.
The death toll from an outbreak of Ebola in Guinea has risen to 78, the country's health ministry says.
The vast majority of Scotland's beaches meet new European Union water quality standards, according to the Scottish Environment Protection Agency.
At least 18 people have died in China from hornet attacks over the past three months, state media report.
Treviso and Zebre could be expelled from the Pro12 if they fail to pay debts owed to other clubs.
One man has died and another has been arrested after a crash on the A34 in Berkshire.
More than half of England and Wales' 358 councils have used bailiffs to collect unpaid debts, according to research.
Britain's Richard Kilty has decided not to compete at the World Indoor Championships in the 60m.
A man has denied raping a 12-year-old girl as a sex abuse case involving seven girls aged between 12 and 17 began.
The Scottish government was pursuing £10bn of investment from two Chinese companies that later pulled out of a deal, the first minister has told MSPs.
Healthy people carry hundreds of potentially harmful genetic mutations in their DNA, a study of the human genome suggests.
A river in Australia has reached its highest level in 30 years, forcing hundreds of people to flee their homes.
A woman who murdered a man by stabbing him in the neck has been jailed for 25 years.
Australian of the Year 2009 Adam Goodes has been given a standing ovation at a Sydney football game after announcing he is taking time off from the sport.
A family forced to live in a rented flat for 12 months after a sinkhole opened up in their road have returned home.
Five people have died on Northern Ireland's roads in just 72 hours, prompting calls for drivers to take extra care.
Gloucestershire Police is to close 10 police stations and change the way it deploys officers in a bid to save money.
Plans to create 31 new pitches for Gypsy and traveller families in Solihull have been approved.
More than 150 homes in Wales remain without gas following a water leak.
Two women who have been key figures in Welsh politics for more than a decade are to step down from the Welsh Assembly in 2016.
The Scottish private sector's recovery slowed in the final months of 2015, according to a new survey.
More than 13% of shops in London have sold knives to underage test buyers, a Trading Standards investigation has found.
Trance DJ Robert Miles has died at the age of 47 after a battle with cancer.
At least 6 people have died when a building collapsed in the southern Indian city of Chennai, officials say.
The most popular baby names in Northern Ireland in 2014 have been revealed.
A 15-year-old girl found hanged at her home was not bullied, a coroner has ruled.
The restoration of Canterbury Cathedral is to go ahead after £25m was raised for the project.
The number of new businesses starting up in Wales has fallen to its lowest level for five years.
More than 20 girls have been sent home from school for wearing skirts "too short" on the first day of term.
The 27-year-old stuntwoman, Jessie Graff, has died after performing a motorcycle stunt for the Deadpool sequel.
At least 27 people have been killed in a suicide attack in northern Afghanistan, officials say.
At least 71 people have died in a coach crash in Ghana, officials say.
Graeme Warren is targeting a return to the European Tour's top 50 by the end of 2017.
The Irish government is to sell off a 1% stake in Allied Irish Banks (AIB) later this year.
Ariana Grande has cancelled the remaining dates of her world tour following the suicide bombing at Manchester Arena which killed 22 people.
Personal details of people living on land earmarked for the HS2 phase 2 high-speed rail line have been lost in a data breach.
Glasgow will host matches at Hampden Park as part of Euro 2020.
Tributes have been paid to former Irish minister Peter Barry who has died at the age of 88.
Former Philippine Senator Miriam Defensor Santiago has died at the age of 92, her family says.
Southeastern trains were disrupted for more than 90 minutes after a power cut hit the network.
The number of people who had their identities stolen and used for fraud in the UK last year rose by 57%, a report suggests.
Miles Jupp is to take over as the new host of BBC Radio 4's News Quiz.
The number of dangerous offenders committing serious crimes while on probation is the highest it has been since 2006, figures show.
The Electoral Office has said it is confident that the turnout for the 2017 Northern Ireland Assembly election will be higher than last year.
A Hampshire council has approved plans to close two day-care centres and a residential home in the city, in a bid to save more than £1m.
Lost recordings of Bob Marley's live concerts have been found after more than 40 years.
India's parliament has offered to meet anti-corruption campaigner Anna Hazare's main demands after 12 days on hunger strike.
A black hole at the centre of a galaxy has gone off the menu, not eating since 2003, say astronomers.
About 500 janitors in Glasgow are set to strike again in a row over payments for extra duties.
British soul singer Alistair Diamond has died at the age of 60.
Scotland has had its wettest winter in 106 years, according to new figures.
A black cab driver who admitted attacking two women in his taxi has been jailed for 10 years.
Rory McIlroy won the Deutsche Bank Championship with a final-round 67 to move back to the top of the PGA Tour's FedEx Cup standings.
Alastair Cook has resigned as England's Test captain after five years in the role.
The last Crow Indian war chief, Joe Medicine Crow, has died at the age of 94.
Manchester United have signed England left-back Luke Shaw from Southampton for £27m, subject to a work permit.
The last known British survivor of the atomic bomb attacks on Japan has died at the age of 97.
A new system for registering to vote in Great Britain will be introduced in 2015, the government has announced.
The chief executive of 7-Eleven Australia has resigned after 38 years with the company amid a wage scandal.
Paul Simon is to be honoured with a special award at the BBC Folk Awards.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed at a new record high, helped by a better than expected services sector survey.
About 20 dogs have attended a Christmas carol service in Dorset.
The number of people requiring care for dementia is expected to triple by 2050, a report says.
The Africa Cup of Nations will be expanded to 24 teams in 2019, the Confederation of African Football has announced.
The UK's competition watchdog will examine a proposed takeover of the country's second largest mobile operator, O2, by the fifth biggest, Three.
A Nottinghamshire man has been charged £6,000 for visiting his wife's grave.
The governor of Florida has reassigned 21 murder cases from a prosecutor who says she will not seek the death penalty.
A new Welsh tax collection body will start operating in 2018, the finance minister has announced.
The US will buy Iranian heavy water for the next 18 months under the nuclear deal, the US government has announced.
An 18-year-old student has been found dead in a Wigan park.
Mountain biking will be included at the 2017 Island Games despite initial concerns it would not feature at the event in Gibraltar.
Valentine's Day is celebrated on 14 February.
A 30-year-old man has been arrested after police were called to a domestic incident where a woman and a child were injured.
A teenager who stabbed a 20-year-old man in a street attack has been jailed.
About 50 staff members have lost their homes in a fire at a Walkabout bar in Manchester.
Scotland striker Craig Watt is determined to force his way into Gordon Strachan's thinking for the 2018 World Cup.
Sport climbing could be included in the 2020 Tokyo Olympics, the International Olympic Committee has confirmed.
Ten police officers are to be investigated over their handling of child sexual exploitation in Rotherham.
McLaren are struggling in Formula 1 but will not be distracted by criticism, says former team principal Ross Dennis.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone has said the new elimination-style qualifying system will not be ready for the start of the season.
Liverpool have agreed to sign Hoffenheim striker Roberto Firmino for £29m.
A Harris Tweed manufacturer is to create 20 new jobs as part of a major expansion of its operations.
Polls have opened in the Republic of Ireland for the 2016 general election.
Spam levels have fallen to their lowest for more than 10 years, according to security firm Symantec.
Salford Red Devils are unhappy with the Rugby Football League's decision not to punish Huddersfield's Greg Caton-Brown for a knee injury.
Windows 10 users will no longer be able to disable the Windows Store, Microsoft has confirmed.
The Star Wars: The Force Awakens has been named best movie at the 2016 MTV Movie Awards.
A man has been charged in connection with the death of a man who was shot by police on the M62 in West Yorkshire.
A global campaign to end violence against women and girls in 16 days has been launched by the United Nations.
A man cleared of rape in 2016 has lost his legal bid to overturn a restriction order imposed on his sex life.
Two people have been killed and at least 35 injured after a train derailed in Pennsylvania, Amtrak has said.
China will close its legal ivory trade by the end of 2017, the government has announced.
A woman has denied murdering a 92-year-old woman by hitting her over the head with a rolling pin.
Two 15-year-olds have been charged with the murders of a mother and her daughter in Lincolnshire.
Woking scored a late goal to beat 10-man Eastleigh and move off the bottom of the National League.
A 15-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with raping a 14-year-old girl in a park.
Karen Danczuk has said she will stand for Parliament in the general election on 8 June.
The co-creator of The Simpsons, Sam Simon, has died at the age of 59.
Coldplay have announced their new album will be released in December 2015.
The trial of Irish citizen Ibrahim Halawa has been postponed for the 18th time, his family have said.
A 31-year-old man has been arrested after police raided a house in Stirling and found cannabis plants.
Paul Hollywood has said he is "excited" about his baking show moving to Channel 4.
Glamorgan are aiming to go on a run in the T20 Blast to reach the semi-finals, says Andrew Donald.
The final flight of a plane which has been in service for 30 years has landed in Guernsey.
A man who is challenging a Sexual Risk Order (SRO) says he is unable to claim benefits because of the restrictions it places on his use of the internet.
More than 50 firefighters have tackled a blaze at a timber recycling plant in Newry.
A man charged with the murder of a County Armagh man in 1998 has had the charge reduced to kidnapping.
More than 200 people in the South West of England have now contracted a diarrhoea bug, Public Health England has said.
Chinese authorities have detained 18 people, including three Australians, suspected of gambling crimes, local media report.
Thailand has transferred around 50 police officers to the southern border to combat human trafficking, the police chief says.
At least 20 people have been killed by Typhoon Soudelor in China's south-eastern provinces.
A Welsh university has said more than 100 European students have withdrawn following the Brexit vote.
The home of Sir Walter Scott is to be explored for evidence of the 18th Century author's interest in foraging.
Michael Dunlop won both Supersport races in the Cookstown 100, with Derek Sheils taking the Open race.
Nine-times world champion Valentino Rossi won his first MotoGP race in 12 months to move closer to Marc Marquez in the title race.
Seven men who blinded a man for 10 years with pepper spray during a "brutal" attack have been jailed.
A new film based on the classic comedy Whisky Galore is to be released in cinemas next month, 76 years after the incident that inspired it.
A proposed high-speed rail link between Leeds and Manchester should be extended to Bradford and York, a report has said.
Wales women's Euro 2017 qualifying campaign stuttered as they drew with Israel in Group Eight.
A remote Scottish island has received more than £2m to install renewable energy systems.
The founder of the independent state of Sealand, which once hosted a brothel, has died aged 82.
Northern Ireland's learning disability services have been underfunded by £8m, the health minister has said.
Archaeologists believe they have found the remains of a lost 15th Century chapel.
Aldershot and York City drew a goalless National League match despite York playing with 10 men from the 90th minute.
Algeria have appointed former Granada coach Juan Manuel Alcaraz as their new coach for the 2018 World Cup qualifier.
A wedding dress has been returned to its owner nine months after it was sent to the dry cleaners.
Olympic silver medallist Laura Muir will lead the British team at the European Cross Country Championships in Sardinia on Sunday.
A new steel processing plant in Caerphilly will create 20 jobs, the Welsh Government has announced.
Andy Carroll could make his first appearance of the season when West Ham host Newcastle on 3 January.
Fast bowler Fidel Edwards has signed to return to Hampshire for the 2017 season.
The BBC is bringing you comprehensive coverage of the 2016 Ryder Cup.
Clive Revill Wingreen, best known for playing Boba Fett in Star Wars, has died aged 81.
The driver of a tour bus that crashed in Taiwan, killing 26 people, has been charged with murder.
Essex need 152 to beat Leicestershire after the visitors were bowled out for 243 on day three at Chelmsford.
A former GP in Shropshire is in his 70s and is being investigated for historical sex offences.
Harlequins have signed former American football player Psalm Wooching on a month-long trial.
A Minnesota boy is in a critical condition after falling 11 stories from a balcony in Minneapolis.
McLaren's Formula 1 commercial director Jost Capito is leaving the team.
A 16-year-old boy says he spends up to 25 minutes editing his profile pictures because he is so concerned about his body image.
The number of new cars registered in the UK last year was the highest since 1990, according to the industry.
German regional league sides are set to play China's Under-19s in a bid to boost the country's football development.
Germany's economy has grown so large that it has now surpassed 7% of the whole of the European Union.
A mother on trial for murdering her 18-month-old daughter told a court she thought her daughter might die when she found her unwell.
Yorkshire fell 91 runs behind Division One leaders Nottinghamshire on day one of their match at Trent Bridge.
A suicide bomb attack has killed at least 33 people in northern Iraq, officials say.
The family of US comedian Joan Rivers has settled a lawsuit with a New York clinic over her death last year at the age of 81.
At least 34 people have been killed in an attack by Islamic State militants on the Iraqi city of Tikrit, officials say.
People born in the first half of the 20th century are living into their 100s with better mental function, a study suggests.
Police are searching for a 73-year-old man who has gone missing from his home in Dundee.
Sickness absence among ambulance staff in Wales has fallen for the second year in a row to just below 7%.
A hacker who stole the personal information of 1,351 US military personnel and federal employees has pleaded guilty to terrorism charges.
The death toll after landslides in Hiroshima has risen to 51, Japanese officials say, with many people still missing.
No valid drugs tests have been carried out on players in Spain's second division for 12 months, according to the World Anti-Doping Agency.
Edinburgh head coach Alan Solomons believes his side have closed the gap on Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor Townsend, who has been in charge for five years.
More than 20 patients were lost from follow-up after treatment for cancer at a Surrey hospital, it has emerged.
Morecambe midfielder Kevin Murphy, 31, has been released after suffering two serious knee injuries.
At least 19 people have died in a helicopter crash in Russia, the defence ministry says.
More than 100 workers from Tata Steel are taking part in a protest in Brussels.
Poet John Agard has been awarded the Queen's Gold Medal for Poetry for 2011.
Tributes have been paid to astrologer Jonathan Cainer, who has died at the age of 60.
Spanish rider Victor Maeso is in the final stages of his preparation for the North West 200.
A new DNA test is being used in a bid to identify a murder victim whose body was set alight 87 years ago.
A man who was shot in a London nightclub 13 years ago has died.
The number of births in Scotland reached its highest level for a decade in 2014, according to official figures.
A 19th Century hospital has been destroyed by fire.
Gareth Southgate has been ruled out of the race to become England manager.
A charity is calling for a 0.5% cap on early access withdrawal charges for people taking money out of their pensions.
45 Years led the nominations at the 2016 Evening Standard British Film Awards.
Two men have been found guilty of being part of a child sexual exploitation ring which targeted girls as young as 13.
India and Pakistan have agreed to hold formal talks for the first time in eight years.
A tram museum could take over 100-year-old tracks which have been buried under a Nottingham road.
A decision to approve a wind farm that could create up to 50 jobs has been taken by the environment minister.
Scotland is one of several countries to have submitted an expression of interest to host the 2022 Commonwealth Games.
A whistleblower has claimed the 111 service is understaffed and staff are exhausted.
North Korea's leader, Kim Jong-un, has executed 15 senior officials in the first four months of the year, South Korea says.
Manny Pacquiao will fight Mexican Jessie Vargas on 5 November in his comeback after a brief retirement, says the Filipino boxer's manager.
At least nine people have died in flash floods in Mauritius, a tropical island in the Indian Ocean.
Olympic champion Nicola Adams will face a German opponent in the women's flyweight at the 2016 Rio Games.
About 90 cars have gone missing after being left at an unapproved parking site near Gatwick Airport.
Bangladesh defeated Ireland by 18 runs in their final warm-up match before the Women's World Twenty tournament.
A man has been charged with the murder of a 20-year-old woman whose body was found in a shallow grave.
A single parent with eight children has been told he must accept a council-provided house or look for somewhere to live himself.
Hillary Clinton has extended her lead over Bernie Sanders by 40 delegates by winning Washington state.
An ambulance service which failed to meet response times is hoping to recruit 300 new paramedics.
Members of a Londonderry band are marking 100 years since they fought in the Battle of the Somme.
An Indian man who spent 30 years in a Pakistani jail has been released and returned home.
The Police Ombudsman is to investigate claims that a police informer was behind an IRA bombing in Belfast which killed 10 people.
Brendon McCullum scored 56 in his final Test innings as New Zealand were bowled out for 190 against Australia in Christchurch.
The Bosnian Serb entity has declared 9 January a public holiday, despite a court ruling that the date discriminated against Muslims and Catholics.
A three-year-old boy is at risk of dying unless he undergoes life-saving surgery, a High Court judge has ruled.
Gunmen have kidnapped at least 30 men from a bus in southern Afghanistan, officials say.
More than 150 scientists have signed a letter urging the Rio Olympics to be postponed because of the Zika virus.
About 35 cars have been destroyed in a fire at a former car auction site in Leicester.
The number of primary schools in Medway rated good or better has risen to 20 after improvements, Ofsted has said.
More than 100 people have been arrested in Rwanda and are demanding the release of a top military intelligence chief held in the UK.
California has dropped a plan to cut petrol and diesel use by 50% in the state by 2030 after opposition from oil firms.
Ryanair will start operating flights from Scotland to popular holiday destinations in Spain and Portugal in summer 2017.
Two French pilots sentenced to 10 years in jail for drug trafficking have returned to France after escaping from house arrest in the Dominican Republic.
Women who have their tonsils and appendix removed have a 20% increase in fertility, a study suggests.
Cardiff council has backed the start of talks to secure a £1bn City Deal for the capital.
A 52-year-old man is facing a court order to inform the police of any planned sexual activity.
(Close): Shares in Sky fell 5% despite the broadcaster reporting rising profits.
US airline Delta Air Lines is in talks to buy up to 125 CS100 aircraft from Canadian plane maker Bombardier.
Merseyrail drivers have begun a 24-hour strike in a dispute over the introduction of driver-only-operated trains.
2017 is to be celebrated as the Year of Legends for tourism in Wales.
The world's oldest person, a Japanese woman, has died at the age of 117, her family says.
Yorkshire have signed New Zealand captain Kane Williamson as their overseas player for the 2016 season.
More than 120 forest fires have broken out in northern Spain, fanned by strong winds and high temperatures.
Welsh campaigners are attending the COP21 climate change summit in Paris.
Super car maker McLaren Automotive is to create 250 new jobs to meet increased demand for its luxury vehicles.
Leinster scored eight tries in their Pro12 victory over Zebre at the RDS Arena.
Shipbuilder Ferguson Marine is to receive £1m from the Scottish government to help it expand its Port Glasgow yard.
Cardiff Blues head coach Danny Wilson says his side's character was key to beating Edinburgh with 13 men.
Formula 1 has signed a one-year deal with Snapchat to bring the sport to the messaging app's 150 million daily users.
Glasgow Warriors have signed New Zealand-born 26-year-old wing Sean Maitland from Super Rugby side Highlanders.
Italian footballer Alberto Aquilini has been forced to pull out of The Jump because of an ankle injury.
Lionel Messi has fulfilled a boy's World Cup dream by meeting the young fan who asked him for a signed shirt in 2017.
At least 24 people have been shot in Chicago during a vigil for a murder victim, police say.
A father who lost his daughter in 2014 has been left upset after Facebook's "Year in Review" feature highlighted the year for him.
Worcestershire need 279 runs to win after being reduced to a follow-on against Derbyshire in the County Championship.
Austrian police have arrested two men suspected of helping the gunmen who carried out deadly attacks in Paris on 13 November 2015.
The 14-year-old cellist Lauren van der Heijden has won the BBC Young Musician of the Year competition.
Welsh artist Turner Prize nominee Bedwyr Williams has won the 10th Artes Mundi prize.
British driver Jolyon Palmer will continue to drive for Renault in Formula 1 for 2017.
The trial of an Irish man arrested in Egypt in 2013 has been further delayed.
A company exploring for lithium in Cornwall has secured £1m of investment to look for the metal in the county.
A reinvestigation has been ordered into the murder of a woman whose body was found in Lanarkshire 10 years ago.
Haas have launched their 2017 car at their US base in North Carolina.
The Scottish government has published a notice to award the contract for designing the dualling of a section of the A96.
(Close): The FTSE 100 fell back from a record high as mining shares were hit by a fall in metals prices.
UK cities have more than 20 times the number of traffic hotspots than their major European rivals, according to new research.
More than 80% of actors who took part in a referendum voted in favour of a potential strike over work in video games, the Screen Actors Guild has said.
A 12-month export bar has been placed on an impressionist painting by French artist Gustave Caillebotte.
S Club have announced they will be reuniting for a UK tour in 2015, 14 years after they were formed during Pop Idol in 2001.
The number of cyclists being robbed of their bikes in London has risen by 50% in the past year, according to police.
The Iranian Prime Minister and Foreign Minister are among 17 foreign ministers meeting in Paris to discuss the situation in Iraq.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has pledged to invest £100m in Kent's coastal communities.
Seven people were injured in a chemical incident at a south-west London leisure centre.
The US government obtained data from more than 215 users' Facebook accounts, the company has revealed.
Leicestershire have signed Ireland all-rounder Kevin O'Brien for this summer's T20 Blast.
Ukraine has held its first gay pride march, with more than 100 people taking part in the event in the capital, Kiev.
The former owner of BHS has been banned from driving after being caught speeding in a Range Rover while he was a Formula Three driver 18 years ago.
Barnsley have appointed Paul Heckingbottom as head coach on a three-year contract following his success as caretaker.
The Welsh government is considering replacing the current 22 local authorities with 9 or 8 councils, BBC Wales has learned.
A developer has bought the former Scottish Mutual building in Belfast city centre for £1.5m and plans to invest £15m in restoring it.
Shares in Daimler have fallen 6% after the carmaker said it would investigate claims its diesel cars may have cheated emissions tests.
Australia's Senate has been returned to the government, with far-right politician Pauline Hanson set to be re-elected at the 2 July election.
Police investigating the disappearance of a toddler 35 years ago have released an e-fit image of a man they want to trace.
MP Ann Clwyd will stand again in the 2015 general election, she has announced.
A charity has warned that the number of people dying around the coast of Scotland has risen over the past four years.
The Scottish Cup semi-finals will be played on Saturday, 16 April.
A man who swam the length of the River Severn in 10 days has said he is "completely drained".
Two 17-year-old boys have died in an apparent double suicide at a beauty spot in Teesside.
A South African court has halted the deportation of more than 200 African migrants, saying they may be asylum seekers.
Two Welsh scientists are to lead a £16m research project into dementia.
A sea turtle that lost its beak in a boat propeller has been fitted with a prosthetic beak made using a 3D printer.
A 15-year-old boy was abused by a man who pretended to be a teenager, saying he was the same age.
England women's cricket captain Charlotte Edwards has announced her retirement from Kent after 17 years with the county.
A series of events is to be held to mark the 450th anniversary of a murder that inspired Shakespeare's Hamlet.
The Davis Cup and Fed Cup finals will be combined and held in Geneva from 2018, the International Tennis Federation has announced.
A police officer murdered 25 years ago has been remembered at a memorial service.
Clara Amfo is to take over the Official Chart Show on BBC Radio 1.
Files relating to the Orgreave miners' strike, which saw police clash with pickets, will be released, the home secretary has said.
The UK's oldest Olympian has been named as a 97-year-old runner-up from World War Two.
A man who drove at speeds of up to 140mph on an A-road with six passengers in his car has been banned from driving.
Plans for a £12m i9 office development in Wolverhampton have been revealed.
About 147 council workers were underpaid in the first pay run of a new payroll system, a council has admitted.
Red Bull have exercised an option to keep Spaniard Carlos Sainz at their junior team Toro Rosso in 2017.
The teeth of King John, from whose tomb they were taken 200 years ago, are to go on display in London.
A suicide bomb attack at a dog-fighting competition in southern Afghanistan has killed at least 10 people, officials say.
The University of Lincoln has been awarded £10m to develop a health science centre.
Drake's single One Dance has notched up its 15th week at number one in the UK singles chart.
Samsung is to re-release its recalled Galaxy Note 7 smartphone in a new, more environmentally friendly form.
Former Frome Town manager Kevin Bunyard has been found to have betted against his own team in 24 games.
Edinburgh full-back Blair Kinghorn has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
John Lewis has appointed its first woman managing director, Paula Nickolds, who has spent 23 years with the company.
The Irish government has pardoned a man who was convicted of murder 75 years ago.
The snooker governing body has begun lobbying to get the sport included at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
Leicester Riders captain Drew Sullivan has announced his retirement from basketball at the age of 40.
Teachers have taken strike action in Powys over plans to close 19 schools in the county.
Three former care workers who sexually assaulted children at a school in Kent in the 1960s have been jailed.
Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths paid tribute to a 13-year-old boy who died after collapsing on the pitch.
A Nigerian man who was the oldest primary school pupil in Africa has died aged 94, his school says.
Will Smith's 201 helped Hampshire dominate Lancashire on day two of their Division One match at the Ageas Bowl.
A further 65 jobs are to go at the Terex Trucks factory in Motherwell.
An 80-year-old woman has been robbed by a workman who told her he had spotted a leak in her flat.
More than 20 medical associations, including Germany's, have criticised an EU proposal to simplify rules on clinical trials.
Colombia's government has asked the United States for an update on an investigation into allegations that more than 20 US soldiers abused young girls in the country.
A 14-year-old girl has managed to get a selfie with Prince William after asking him for one at the Queen's Norfolk estate.
A £1m scheme to help people with mental health problems take up sport is to be launched.
Being overweight was linked to lower death rates in the 2010s, a study of thousands of people suggests.
Shares in rare stamp dealer Stanley Gibbons have fallen 30% after it said it was considering selling the business.
Troon Golf Club has voted to end its men-only membership policy, 156 years after it first hosted the Open Championship.
Glamorgan beat Gloucestershire by 53 runs in the One-Day Cup to record their first win of the season.
Scarlets beat 14-man Leinster to move up the Pro12 table and end the Irish side's 100% start to the season.
Sri Lanka have dropped fast bowler Lasith Malinga as captain for the World Twenty20 tournament in India.
A man has been jailed for 18 months for a fatal assault in Aberdeen city centre.
Great Britain's Elinor Barker says winning gold at the 2016 Rio Olympics is the aim for the women's pursuit team.
At least 47 people have died and dozens are missing after Typhoon Bopha hit the southern Philippines, officials say.
Police are monitoring about 30 pop-up brothels in Swindon, BBC Inside Out West has learned.
Newcastle boss Steve McClaren says the club's £50m winter spending will help them push for a top-10 finish.
Former Manchester United footballer Gary Neville has said he is "listening" to criticism of a £200m development in the city centre.
A 20-year-old soldier from York has been killed in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has said.
Home Depot has revealed that hackers stole email addresses of more than 53 million customers in a data breach.
The veteran Congolese opposition leader Etienne Tshisekedi has died in Belgium at the age of 82.
At least 14 people were injured on an Air Canada flight from Australia to Canada after severe turbulence hit the plane.
Glamorgan have extended South Africa batsman Jacques Rudolph's contract with the county until the end of the 2015 season.
The chief executive of Northampton Borough Council is to resign after 10 years in the post.
An NHS trust which was rated "inadequate" has secured more than £30m to improve patient care.
(Close): The S&P 500 closed at a record high for the 14th time in as many sessions, as Wall Street rose for a 10th straight day.
People in Northern Ireland have until 20 April to register to vote in the general election.
The NFL will stage four regular-season games in London in 2017.
Ulster suffered their first defeat in the Pro12 as Scarlets triumphed in a tight and physical encounter at Kingspan Stadium.
A convicted murderer has been awarded £815K in compensation for items lost during a prison transfer.
Boxing's'super fight' between Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather Jr in 2015 was a "one-off", says former world champion Amir Khan.
The Theatre Royal Nottingham is celebrating its 150th anniversary with a special birthday party.
The Ordnance Survey has created a virtual version of Ben Nevis standing 1,345m high for a virtual reality game.
Scotland's most successful badminton player, Imogen Bankier, has announced her retirement from the sport at the age of 25.
Ireland suffered a 255-run defeat by Pakistan in the first of their three one-day internationals in Pretoria.
Wales has lost 750 police officers in seven years since the Tories took power, Plaid Cymru has claimed.
The collapse of an investment deal with China will not have a long-term impact and will not put up to 100 jobs at risk, Scottish government officials have said.
Middlesex took nine wickets to dismiss Lancashire for a second time in their Division One match at Old Trafford.
Some 60% of Volkswagen diesel car owners believe they should be compensated for the fall in value of their cars because of the emissions scandal, a survey suggests.
A railway station in east London has reopened for the first time in more than 30 years.
James Guy broke his own national record to win the 200m freestyle at the British Swimming Championships.
About 20 students were treated for breathing difficulties and watery eyes after a suspected chemical attack at a college.
Girls around the world start doing more housework than boys from the age of 10, according to a new report from the UN children's agency.
A BBC radio presenter and his wife have been charged with sex offences dating back 24 years.
A 44-year-old man has appeared in court in Dublin charged with the murder of a Northern Ireland prison officer.
Calderdale Council is to allocate £1m to a flood recovery scheme to help people affected by the Boxing Day floods.
A £10m restoration project to turn a ruined Welsh castle into a heritage attraction has been completed.
Pakistan beat Scotland by 96 runs in their first one-day international match in seven years.
The number of calls made to police in Wales about missing children rose by more than 20% in the past year, figures have revealed.
A memorial service has been held to mark 40 years since an RAF Canberra plane crash in Cambridgeshire killed seven people.
Worcestershire batsman Alex Gidman has been forced to retire at the age of 37 because of a finger injury.
Almost every clinical trial for Alzheimer's disease has failed, a study suggests.
A man who robbed a 70-year-old man at knifepoint in a "terrifying" attack has been jailed for three years.
About 150 people who were forced to leave their homes after a gas leak in south-east London have been allowed to return.
Rail workers' union RMT has said it will ballot its members for strike action in a dispute over working conditions in a 48-hour period from 00:01 on Friday.
Phyllida Barlow has been named as the British artist to represent Britain at the Venice Biennale in 2017.
The remains of two soldiers killed in action in World War Two have been laid to rest 70 years on.
More than 100 historic sites have been added to a national heritage list of buildings in danger of being lost.
Zoe Smith successfully defended her Commonwealth Games women's -69kg weightlifting title in Glasgow.
Three schools in Cape Town's gang-ridden areas have been closed after violence there escalated over the weekend.
A 39-year-old woman who was due to be deported to Zambia has been given a reprieve.
A £50m redevelopment of a Northampton town centre site has been scrapped.
Northern Ireland needs to recruit 50 radiologists to meet the target for diagnosing cancer.
Ireland fly-half Jonathan Sexton and full-back Rob Kearney are set to return for Leinster's Pro12 game against Ulster on Saturday.
A county council has drawn up plans to sell off £70m worth of council-owned assets over the next four years.
An Aberdeen-based offshore vessel firm has been rescued after a £23m package of public and private funding.
A school which planned to let pupils go home early to watch Euro 2016 on TV has changed its mind.
An 86-year-old woman died after hitting her head on a supermarket door, an inquest has ruled.
Newcastle full-back James Hanbury has extended his stay at the club until 2018.
Major roadworks have begun on the M8 motorway in Glasgow as part of a £500m upgrade of the central belt road network.
The government spent £1,000 per parent on parenting classes but only gave them £100, Labour has claimed.
A 101-year-old woman who was mugged in Tottenham has said she is afraid to return to her home.
Fast food giant McDonald's has extended its sponsorship deal with the International Olympic Committee until 2020.
A tattoo artist who filmed himself sexually assaulting two women and spying on others in the bathroom has been jailed for 10 years.
At least 36 people have been injured when an Airbus plane encountered severe turbulence over the South China Sea, the airline says.
A steel company which had been in administration for three years has gone into administration again with the loss of 101 jobs.
Scotland's tour of Hong Kong ended in defeat as they lost their only Twenty20 international by nine wickets.
A 14-year-old boy has been jailed for raping two girls.
Snap Inc, the company behind the popular messaging app Snapchat, has set its shares to be priced at $17 for its initial public offering (IPO).
Up to 1,000 patients may have been omitted from hospital waiting lists, an NHS trust has admitted.
A book that has been overdue at a library in County Meath for 80 years has been returned.
Russia has condemned the US decision to send 90 troops to Ukraine for military training.
About 50 people have gathered to sing carols to try to save an oak tree from a felling machine in Sheffield.
A woman is in hospital with minor injuries after a double-decker bus crash in west London which injured 12 people including the driver.
The UK is being hit by the most significant storm in 25 years, with winds reaching 100mph and heavy rain.
India and Bangladesh have signed a deal to end a border dispute that has lasted more than 135 years.
Ulster have confirmed that South African flanker Arno Botha will not join the province on 1 July as planned.
Indian billionaire Anil Agarwal's family trust will buy a 12% stake in Anglo American, the mining giant has announced.
The bodies of 23 people believed to be African mercenaries who were killed during the conflict in Libya have been uncovered in Tripoli.
A stately home built in the 18th Century is being put up for sale.
Ofcom has warned that a merger between two of the UK's four mobile networks would "swallow up" Three.
The original cast of comedy show Goodness Gracious Me is to reunite for a special 18th anniversary episode.
Hundreds of people have gathered in Oxfordshire to celebrate the Queen's 255th birthday with a bun-throwing ceremony.
The NHS needs another £2bn to balance its books, according to a think-tank.
Africa is on the cusp of a major public health milestone - two years without a case of polio.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone says he has agreed a new deal for the sport.
Kenyan Mary Keitany won her sixth consecutive New York City marathon to equal Grete Waitz's record.
John Menzies is to buy the US ground handling and fuelling company Asig for $202m.
Gold seized from smugglers worth more than £1m is to be auctioned off.
The Scottish government has said it is committed to supporting the country's £185m country sports tourism industry by 2020.
The personal details of 1 million O2 customers have been put up for sale on the dark web, the BBC has learned.
A mother-of-13 who has been raising her large family for 22 years has launched a new event to raise money for cancer research.
Tunisia's media landscape has changed dramatically since the revolution of 2011.
Police Scotland has confirmed 60 police stations in Scotland are to close their public counters.
Olympic gymnast and 2013 Strictly Come Dancing winner Loukana Andreou has returned to the show to win the Christmas special.
A steel tube manufacturer has been saved from administration, securing 333 jobs.
A conman who pretended to be a Mercedes-Benz executive has been jailed for 30 months for a series of frauds.
Team bosses have broadly welcomed the sale of Formula 1 to Liberty Media.
Marie-Ange Koutou has seen 20 years of conflict in the Central African Republic.
A 24-year-old teacher was found dead at a hotel with "multiple stab wounds" in what police called a "fast-moving investigation".
England's record cap holder Peter Shilton believes Wayne Rooney should have retired after Euro 2016.
A letter in a bottle that was dropped in Sweden 22 years ago has washed up in Panama.
A man has died after being struck by a car on the A78 in North Lanarkshire.
Glamorgan fast bowler Liam Donald says he is not worried about security in Bangladesh ahead of the Under-19 World Cup.
Chinese tech firm Lenovo has reported a 23% increase in net profit for the second quarter, as it expands into mobile devices.
Southampton beat Manchester United to record their first win at Old Trafford in 19 games.
A wedding venue which closed with less than 24 hours' notice has cancelled 28 weddings.
President Donald Trump has thanked Russian President Vladimir Putin for reducing the number of Russian diplomatic staff in the US by 755.
A 14-year-old girl was grabbed by a man in a "very disturbing" attack in a Rochdale park, police have said.
Derby County have re-signed former England Under-17s coach John Peacock, 61, as a coach.
The use of public transport in Scotland has fallen since 2006, according to the Scottish government's latest transport strategy.
A memorial to those killed in a World War One explosion in Kent has been given listed status to mark 100 years.
The founder of image board 4chan has joined Google.
More than 12,000 teachers could be lost from London schools due to government funding changes, a report has found.
World champion Lewis Hamilton has moved to second in the Formula 1 championship after Nico Rosberg's points lead over Sebastian Vettel was reduced by 20.
Microsoft has announced that Windows 10 will be available as a free upgrade for owners of Windows 7 and 8 PCs.
Austria is to introduce a total ban on smoking in enclosed public spaces from 2018.
University applications in the UK have fallen for the first time in 10 years, according to the admissions service Ucas.
A Roman burial made in the 2nd Century AD has been uncovered in a field in Hertfordshire.
A 23-year-old junior doctor who specialises in Accident and Emergency has gone missing during a storm.
The number of new homes being built in the UK fell in the final quarter of 2014, official figures show.
Nigel Farage missed the 2016 edition of Question Time after being stuck in traffic on the way to the BBC studio.
Nicole Kidman says she still feels like a newcomer to the film industry, 30 years after she first made her name in the industry.
More than 100 people have been injured when a train crashed through a barrier at a station in New York.
The voting age in Britain should be lowered to 16, a think tank has said.
The British backpacker murdered in Australia in 2001 has been re-enacting her ordeal for a TV special.
The Liberal Democrats have been wiped out on Liverpool City Council in what is believed to be the party's biggest defeat in 50 years.
Australia's share market finished the day more than 3% higher, driven by strong demand for mining shares.
The two boys of a passenger on missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 have been awarded custody of their father's estate.
A 90-year-old World War Two veteran has been awarded a new medal for his service.
Data on millions of employees compiled in 2015 and then dumped online has been found on the dark web.
Former Birmingham City manager and Manchester United player Alan Goodwin has died at the age of 82.
The US musician and TV presenter Arthur Smith has died at his home in North Carolina aged 93.
A police force has been criticised for using "ploddledegook" in its recruitment of a new chief constable with 10 characters.
A woman has told how she found a 4ft snake in a kitchen drawer in her flat.
Two soldiers killed in Afghanistan have been named as the first UK military personnel to die in the 10-year conflict.
A cat that travelled 200 miles inside a van has been rescued after the vehicle broke down.
Shares of media companies fell on Monday, with the sector hit by concerns that cord-cutting will hurt businesses.
Tomas Borge Martinez, a key figure in Nicaragua's Sandinista revolution, has died aged 82.
A road and two bridges have been revealed after a Scottish loch was drained for the first time in 63 years.
A bus carrying 26 primary school children has become stranded in flood water on a country lane in North Yorkshire.
Three-time world champion Lewis Hamilton will not face action for riding a motorbike while using his mobile phone in New Zealand.
England will be without defender and captain Sarah Haycroft at the 2016 World Cup in London.
The mother of a woman who disappeared 22 years ago has said she is "hopeful" after three men were arrested on suspicion of murder.
A woman who claimed her dead mother was alive for 22 years to defraud pension schemes has been told she will be sentenced next month.
Plans to tackle a hairpin bend and steep hill on the A9 have been published by Transport Scotland.
The Brazilian Senate has approved a controversial constitutional amendment that caps public spending for the next two decades.
West Bromwich Albion have turned down a £15m bid from Tottenham Hotspur for striker Saido Berahino.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after human remains were found during a search for a police officer who went missing almost 24 hours ago.
Vicky Holland finished fourth in the opening World Triathlon Series event of the year in Abu Dhabi, with Jessica Learmonth fifth.
The Government Communications Headquarters (GCHQ) has announced 200 places in new summer schools aimed at encouraging more people into cybersecurity careers.
Ivory Coast have increased their budget for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
Up to 50 firefighter jobs could be lost in Northumberland as part of a plan to save money.
Two poems by JRR Tolkien have been discovered in a school magazine from 1936.
The brewing industry in Wales is enjoying a boom not seen since the 1990s, according to the trade.
Older patients with type-2 diabetes gain less from blood sugar-lowering drugs than younger patients, a study suggests.
Tyson Fury has been named the best fighter of 2015 by Ring magazine.
Oil services company Wood Group has reported a 68% drop in half-year profits.
Flintshire council is to hold a series of roadshows to help residents find ways of saving £28m from its budget.
At 7ft, Steven Adams is often overlooked.
HP has cancelled orders made over the weekend after it offered a 99% discount on some of its laptops on its website.
A knife attack at a supermarket in Hamburg has left six people injured, police say.
Boris Johnson claims £13.5bn could be spent on the NHS if the UK leaves the EU.
At least 107 people have died after a construction crane fell on to the Grand Mosque in Mecca, Saudi Arabia.
The cost of the Aberdeen bypass has risen to £653m, Transport Scotland has confirmed.
The Police Federation in Northern Ireland has announced a £1m fund to help officers suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
An Arkansas prisoner who escaped 31 years ago has been caught.
Malaysian police have arrested 20 people suspected of being illegal immigrants and having links to terrorism.
The States of Guernsey is planning to write off up to £25m of debt for the airline Aurigny.
Frank Bruno's promoter says it would be a "travesty" if the 65-year-old former world heavyweight champion returns to the ring.
The potential victory of Leicester City in the Premier League would be the biggest upset in 50 years of football betting history.
Australia have named an unchanged starting XV for their must-win World Cup match against England at Twickenham on Saturday.
Personal details of more than 200 vulnerable adults were posted online by a county council.
A tiger dubbed the "Queen of Ranthambore" has died in India at the age of 20.
Hibernian have signed former Scotland international Kris Commons on a 30-day loan from Celtic.
More than 700 children have reported being sexually abused within football clubs in the UK, police have said.
The 33 London councils have been granted new powers to fine motorists for littering from vehicles.
A 73-year-old former Auschwitz guard has died in Germany before his trial could begin.
All councils in Wales are to stop providing a free pest control service for rats as the number of councils charging for the service rises to 12.
Tottenham have a good chance of reaching the Europa League last 16 after a draw at Fiorentina.
The Harrogate International Festivals is celebrating its 50th anniversary with a fundraising appeal.
Two piers in Blackpool, with a combined length of 1,608ft, have been sold to a new owner.
A service has been held to mark the 40th anniversary of the Birmingham pub bombings.
A woman has died following a two-vehicle crash on the A90 near Huntly.
Wildfires have killed at least 13 people in the US state of Tennessee, officials say.
A beacon has been lit on Snowdon to mark the Queen's 60th birthday.
Durham beat Leicestershire by 11 runs in their One-Day Cup match at Chester-le-Street.
A Turkish journalist is on a list of more than 100 journalists facing arrest over alleged involvement in the failed coup attempt last month.
An iconic Tokyo hotel will close at the end of March 2019 to make way for a new skyscraper.
The Duchess of Cambridge has marked the 150th anniversary of the Anglo-Luxembourg treaty during a visit to the Grand Duchy.
A Typhoon fighter has been unveiled to mark the 75th anniversary of the Battle of Britain.
The chief executive officers of 10 major oil and gas companies have joined forces to tackle climate change.
Two men who stole sex toys and drugs worth £1,000 from a Belfast shop have been given suspended prison sentences.
Commemorations are being held in Wales to mark the 70th anniversary of VJ Day.
Lancashire beat Durham by an innings and 200 runs to move up to third in Division One.
A new railway station is to open in Ilkeston, Derbyshire, more than 50 years after the last one closed.
A former church pastor has been convicted of genocide in Rwanda in 1994.
The Scottish government's tax authority has collected more than £600m in its first year.
Air pollution in London last week was not five times worse than in Beijing, as some have claimed.
Plans to regenerate parts of Hull have been given the go-ahead after £16m was approved for the projects.
A council is in talks to hand back a 17th Century stately home to the National Trust.
A 300th anniversary is to be marked at a historic stone bridge in the Highlands.
A Russian military Mi-28 helicopter has crashed during an air show, killing one pilot and seriously injuring another.
The BBC has reached an agreement with other broadcasters to provide additional digital channels for the 2012 Olympics.
The first section of a new smart motorway system on the M6 has opened.
Police have arrested 19 people after Rangers' 2-0 Scottish Cup quarter-final victory over Celtic at Ibrox.
A coach driver has been hailed a hero after helping to save more than 60 schoolchildren when their vehicle caught fire on a motorway.
Tube drivers on the Central and Waterloo and City lines are to stage three 24-hour strikes in February in a dispute over plans to introduce night-time services.
England batsman Ian Bell has extended his stay at Warwickshire until 2017.
US Senator Lindsey Graham has announced he is running for the 2016 presidential election.
Up to 330 jobs are at risk at the Chepstow site of the bridge building company Mabey Bridge.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says he cannot prepare his players for the possibility of a Euro 2016 penalty shoot-out.
The Venezuelan government has banned Henrique Capriles from holding public office for 15 years.
(Close): Japan's Nikkei 225 closed higher, bucking a trend in Asia where other markets were lower.
Warwickshire have signed New Zealand batsman Grant Elliott for the second half of the 2011 season.
David Cameron has 18 months left in office, according to odds set by bookmakers.
Wales midfielder Joe Ledley is a doubt to be fit for Euro 2016 after a hamstring injury.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino has signed a contract extension with the Premier League club until 2018.
The Bank of England has announced that the new £5 note will be made of plastic.
Campaigners are planning to launch a petition against a 25% increase in the cost of a school bus pass in Kent.
Inver House Distillers has secured a £25m loan to refinance its borrowing.
Swansea City have agreed a deal to sign Chievo striker Alberto Paloschi for about £4m.
Gregor Townsend will replace Vern Cotter as Scotland coach in the summer of 2017.
Former Supersport rider Saiger topped the timesheets in the opening practice session of the 2015 Isle of Man TT races.
Radio 1 has appointed CBBC presenter Cel Spellman to host the Official Chart Show.
Nine pupils have been taken to hospital after suspected drug ingestion at a school in Newport.
A 14-month-old boy died after he was taken to the wrong hospital, it has been claimed.
A Labour candidate has said he may vote against a high-speed rail project which will see a new station built in Nottinghamshire.
The number of fire deaths in Scotland has fallen to its lowest level for more than 20 years, according to official figures.
The funeral of former Ulster GAA president Danny Murphy, who died on Monday aged 71, will take place on Saturday.
John Robertson has returned to Inverness Caledonian Thistle as manager 13 years after leaving the club.
More than 20 tonnes of rubbish has been dumped on a railway line in Shropshire.
West Ham have sold Dimitri Payet to Marseille for £25m, with the France international having rejected a new contract.
Tributes have been paid to former TV-am presenter Mike Morris, who has died at the age of 70.
The roof of Cardiff City Stadium will be closed for the 2017 Champions League final.
Water companies have made £800m in profits over the past five years, according to the spending watchdog.
Danny Rae has been appointed St Mirren manager on a deal until the end of the season with a 10-game trial period.
A £17m plan to build five football training hubs in Liverpool has been announced.
The International Olympic Committee is in talks about the possibility of professional boxers competing at the 2016 Olympics in Rio.
The Northern Ireland apple industry is 3,000 years old.
Peaches Geldof was the most searched-for person on Bing in 2014.
Two golfers have become the first players in 20 years to achieve a hole-in-one on the same hole at the same time.
The Duke of Rutland has been banned from driving for a year after racking up 24 points on his licence.
A 16-year-old boy has been stabbed to death at a school in Aberdeen.
Former New Zealand international Sione Lauaki has died at the age of 37.
Six people have been arrested by police in London on suspicion of terrorism, the Metropolitan Police said.
Wolverhampton Wanderers have sacked manager Walter Zenga after just 14 games in charge.
Chicago police are investigating the rape of a 15-year-old girl on Facebook Live.
Spanish police have arrested 14 people suspected of being members of the hacker collective Anonymous.
A study of viruses that could trigger a global pandemic has identified 37 that should be closely monitored.
A couple from Suffolk have become the second biggest winners in the history of the National Lottery after scooping £148m in Friday's Euromillions draw.
Up to 100 jobs are at risk at a large quarry in Argyll.
Facebook, Twitter and YouTube have agreed with German law enforcement to remove hate speech from their platforms within 24 hours.
Gloucestershire will not sign New Zealand batsman Colin Munro for the 2017 T20 Blast campaign.
Former Manx Grand Prix winner Cameron Donald and James Johnson will race for Norton at the 2017 Isle of Man TT.
Work to complete a luxury riverside development in Ipswich with 32 unfinished flats could take two years, administrators have said.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, with Unilever shares helping to lift the market.
The UK's current account deficit is a problem that has been growing and is likely to get worse if the referendum on the UK's membership in the European Union on 23 June goes
A former NHS chairman who fraudulently claimed he had a PhD and a medical degree has been jailed for 32 months.
Williams have retained former Force India driver Paul di Resta as a test driver for 2017.
The family of a west Belfast man murdered 25 years ago have met police in a new bid to find his killers.
A 14-month-old dog is recovering after being attacked by burglars who broke into a house in the Black Country.
The operators of the O2 arena in London have been chosen to run a new £91m arena in Bristol.
Spain's jobless total fell at its fastest annual rate since 2011, official figures show.
Principality Building Society has reported a slight drop in profits for 2015.
At least one man has been injured in a shooting at a wedding in Londonderry.
Williams F1 boss Toto Wolff has sold his 5% stake in Williams Grand Prix Holdings to a US businessman.
Somerset and Australia batsman Marcus Trescothick has retired from professional cricket after a 18-year career.
More than 10 years of children in the Middle East and North Africa have been denied education because of conflict, says the UN.
Labour's shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper has revealed she has type 2 diabetes.
Boris Johnson has apologised to a 10-year-old boy he tackled during a game of touch rugby in Japan.
A mannequin used for medical training has not been updated in 20 years, according to the team behind a new model.
Belgian police officers who accidentally crossed into France while transporting 13 African migrants have been released after being detained for several hours.
A Northern Ireland couple have died in a suspected drowning incident in South Africa just 24 hours after getting married.
People taking anti-depressants may be at increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes, a study suggests.
The first of 1,140 new trains for the Thameslink network has arrived in the UK.
Sean Lamont says he is relishing the chance to become Scotland's most capped player after Tommy Seymour.
The UK has been in the European Union for 42 years.
The cost of holiday childcare in Wales has risen by 70% in the past year, according to a new report.
A lawyer who fraudulently travelled on the train more than 200 times has been given a community sentence.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, with shares in outsourcing firm Capita the top riser.
Glamorgan will be without Australia fast bowler Shaun Tait for their T20 Blast quarter-final against Yorkshire.
A £10m restoration project to improve Gloucester Cathedral is set to begin.
Southend United striker Nile Ranger has been released on bail after 35 days in prison for fraud offences.
Council tax in Norfolk is to rise by £15m as the Conservative-led authority makes cuts to its budget.
(Close): The S&P 500 closed at a new record high, but the Dow and Nasdaq both fell.
The Northern Ireland Executive has invested £7m in City of Derry Airport.
Private tenants are being evicted from their home almost every 10 minutes, or 365 days in a row, according to new figures.
The government is to double the minimum fine for littering to £100 in England.
A tree which is part of the route of HS2 phase 2 has been named the UK's Tree of the Year.
A man who has volunteered on a remote Scottish island for more than 90 years has been named Britain's hardest-working man.
The bodies of 19 teenagers have been found in Honduras, police say.
A man who distributed hundreds of the most extreme indecent images of children has been jailed for 20 years.
World number one Jordan Spieth retained his lead at the SBS Tournament of Champions with an eight-under second round of 64.
The Raspberry Pi has sold more than 10 million units, its founder has said.
Tickets for a pageant to celebrate the Queen's 90th birthday have sold out within a day.
Jose Maria Romero ended a 10-year wait for a European Tour win with victory at the BMW Italian Open.
The business community has urged the Scottish government to improve the A9 at a dangerous bend.
UK economic growth has fallen to its weakest level since 2013, according to the Confederation of British Industry (CBI).
The 16th Inverness Film Festival will open with a documentary about Scots musician Edwyn Collins.
A Caerphilly woman who has dedicated her life to encouraging girls and women to take up sport has been named the 2016 BBC Wales Unsung Hero.
Aidy Boothroyd has been named as the new manager of the England Under-20s.
The search area for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 may have been narrowed after it was found the plane may have turned south earlier than thought.
The official Euro 2016 app has been launched but Wales fans have complained their team is missing.
Wales forward Hal Robson-Kanu is targeting being fit for Euro 2016.
A 24-year-old British woman murdered in Thailand was "a loving daughter and sister", an inquest has heard.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt is hopeful fly-half Johnny Sexton will be fit to face Scotland on 11 February.
A driving test examiner has been given a community service order for his part in an 18-month cheating scandal.
Glasgow has hosted the 2015 Homeless World Cup, with Mexico crowned champions in both the men's and women's tournaments.
Linfield came from behind to beat 10-man Coleraine and maintain their 100% start to the Premiership season.
The government's position that people are treated as adults at 16 is "dangerous", a Labour MP has said.
The Australian pub made famous by the 1986 film Crocodile Dundee is up for sale.
David Dimbleby will present the BBC's election coverage on 8 June, the corporation has announced.
A South African girl with progeria, who was the subject of a documentary, has died at the age of 18.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has scored 10 goals in his first four games for Manchester United.
Former Scotland manager Craig Brown believes Wales can reach the Euro 2016 quarter-finals.
Radio DJ Kenny Everett has marked 50 years since his first show on BBC Radio 1.
The German Grand Prix is a race with a proud history, but its future is uncertain.
Three people have died and another is seriously injured after a double-decker coach crashed into a car on the M1 in Bedfordshire.
A plan to build homes on the site of a former Bristol factory 10 years after it closed has been revealed.
The average mileage driven by motorists has fallen by almost a quarter in the last 11 years, according to official figures.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson has signed a new contract to remain at the Championship club until 2022.
One man has died and at least 10 people were injured in a fire at a block of flats in Dartford, Kent.
McLaren have signed European Formula 3 racing star Lando Norris as a test driver.
Premier League clubs have received a share of the television income from Euro 2016.
The family of a murdered woman have made a fresh appeal for information about her death 20 years ago.
A 14-year-old boy has died after collapsing during a high school football game in the US state of Kansas.
A former Olympic athlete has claimed drug-taking was rife in Scottish sport in the 1980s.
About 183 military personnel are to be moved from RAF Wittering in Cambridgeshire to other bases in England and Scotland.
A wedding dress made 100 years ago has been returned to the family of the woman who wore it on her big day.
A former British Army sergeant who served for 14 years has been told he must leave the UK.
Rugby union club Wasps have raised £50m for a new stadium bond.
Six-time major winner Nick Faldo says he may make a comeback to competitive golf at the 2014 Irish Open.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says he is happy with the draw for their 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign.
France striker Karim Benzema could play at Euro 2016 after a court lifted some restrictions on him.
A 10-day campaign to raise awareness of water safety in Scotland has been launched by the Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI).
A man has died after being hit by a car on the A27 in West Sussex.
Channel 4 has closed its website.
A Royal Navy vessel is expected to rescue about 400 migrants in the next 48 hours, the BBC has learned.
The Commonwealth Games are coming to Glasgow in 2014.
The crime writer Ruth Rendell has died at the age of 85, her publisher has announced.
Overtime spending by Welsh police forces has risen by 40% in the past year, figures obtained by BBC Radio 5 Live have revealed.
England manager Roy Hodgson says he picked Manchester United striker Marcus Rashford ahead of Leicester's Danny Drinkwater because he is "an extra attacker".
Ian Baraclough has been appointed as the new manager of Northern Ireland's Under-21s.
The future of the last independent Channel 3 broadcaster in the UK could be decided in the next few days.
Police have re-opened an investigation into the rape and murder of a north Belfast woman 29 years ago.
A couple who were married for 60 years have died hours apart in the same hospital in California.
Double Olympic champion Jade Jones says she will be "devastated" if she fails to win gold at Rio 2016.
The number of general practitioners (GPs) in Northern Ireland has fallen by almost 4% in a decade, the Royal College of GPs has said.
Marks and Spencer boss Steve Bolland was paid a total of £1m last year, the High Street retailer has revealed.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher on Thursday, with mining shares helping to lift the index.
Great Britain's Adam Peaty set a new European Championships record in the men's 100m breaststroke final.
Former Dundee United defender Frank Kopel has died at the age of 71 after a battle with dementia.
Phil Taylor will retire after winning the World Matchplay for the 16th time, ending a 39-year career as a professional darts player.
Microsoft has changed the way it pushes users to upgrade to Windows 10 after complaints that it was too difficult to refuse.
Harlequins have signed Wales centre Jamie Roberts on a 30-month contract from the World Cup.
Kim Dotcom has said he plans to relaunch his Megaupload file-sharing service in January 2017.
A 15-year-old girl who was murdered in South Yorkshire has been named locally as Leonne Weeks.
The Scottish League One season starts on 6 August with a Dundee derby at Dens Park.
Action Man fans have been celebrating the 50th anniversary of the toy at the former factory where it was made.
A new Banksy artwork has appeared in Bristol, the city where the artist first made his name in 2014.
The Nigerian military says more than 250 Boko Haram fighters have surrendered to the army in the past few days.
Fewer than 400 people have applied for loans to pay for their apprenticeships, according to official figures.
Andy Rose's first Coventry goal was enough to earn a first win in six games for the Sky Blues against 10-man Bradford.
Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has called snap elections for 1 November.
A note issued by Clydesdale Bank has been shortlisted for a top international award.
Worcestershire have been forced to find a replacement for New Zealand all-rounder John Hastings for the remainder of the 2017 season.
West Ham are willing to pay £10m for Portugal midfielder Andre Carvalho, but Benfica want £15m.
Fly-tipping incidents have risen by 32% in the past four years, according to government figures.
Bank of Scotland has announced that it is to close 23 branches.
Grand Theft Auto 5 has been named best video game at the Golden Joysticks awards 2013.
A Romanian man who survived 96 hours in the undercarriage of a plane has been caught by UK police.
BP has said it will appeal against a judge's ruling that the oil giant must continue paying claims for the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill.
A memorial for the victims of the Tunisia terror attacks will be unveiled in Birmingham in 2018, the Foreign Office has announced.
The York Mystery Plays are to return to the York Minster for the first time in 16 years.
A satellite that was lost in 2016 has helped scientists make a surprising discovery about the universe.
Apple is facing a legal battle in Australia over claims it misled customers about the third generation iPad 3.
(Close): The US economy grew at a faster pace than previously estimated in the final months of 2016, according to the latest official figures.
Italian police have found 781 guns on a ferry from Greece to Italy, officials say.
Thousands of people have gathered at the site of the Buchenwald concentration camp to mark its 70th anniversary of liberation.
At least 113 environmental activists were killed last year, according to a report by a UK-based campaign group.
Islamic State (IS) militants have killed at least 42 people in central Syria, a monitoring group says.
A 13-year-old rugby player has died after sustaining a head injury during a match.
Three cranes have nested in the South West of England for the first time in more than 300 years.
Chapecoense have played their first competitive game since the Brazilian team's plane crash on 28 February.
An Australian couple who lost three family members in the Malaysia Airlines plane crash have had their third child 18 months later.
The Thai military government has released 124 people detained after the coup last week, but many remain in hiding.
Spider-Man is coming to the Marvel Cinematic Universe in 2017.
Almost 1,000 potential victims of child sexual exploitation have been identified by a police review.
The inquests into the deaths of 21 people in the Birmingham pub bombings are to resume, the coroner has said.
The mayor of London has led tributes to the victims of the 7/7 bombings on the anniversary of the attacks.
About 50 people have been left homeless after a fire in a block of flats in west London.
The first new type of electricity pylon in 84 years has been erected in Kent.
A biscuit factory in Wirral is to close with the loss of 86 jobs.
Plans for a £250m tidal energy power station in Lancashire have moved a step closer.
At least six people have been killed in two suicide car bomb attacks on police stations in south-eastern Turkey, officials say.
Nationwide Building Society has reported a 15% increase in profits as it lent more money to home buyers.
Lou Pearlman, the music producer and convicted fraudster who discovered the Backstreet Boys and NSync, has died aged 62.
Two Iraqi men arrested by British troops in 2005 have been cleared of murdering two soldiers.
The merger of Standard Life and Aberdeen Asset Management will result in the loss of 800 jobs, according to a document published by the companies.
The Ospreys made a profit for the first time in five years in 2015, according to accounts filed at Companies House.
Police have arrested up to 20 people after a protest at the Westfield shopping centre in west London turned violent.
The Welsh Ambulance Service has missed its target for responding to the most serious 15-minute emergency calls for the first time in nearly a year.
England and British and Irish Lions lock Geoff Parling will join the Melbourne Rebels after leaving Exeter Chiefs in the summer of 2017.
A man who was seriously injured in a fatal crash on the M9 has died in hospital.
Arriva bus drivers in West Yorkshire and North Yorkshire are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay.
The bellwether seats of Kent and Sussex are the focus of attention as the 2015 general election is the most unpredictable in decades.
A 46-year-old power station has closed after its owners said it was no longer "economically viable".
Singapore has reported 40 cases of the Zika virus, up from 10 last week, with most of the new cases linked to a construction site.
The funeral has taken place of an Aberdeen man who was one of 11 oil workers who died in a helicopter crash near Bergen, Norway.
The Mexican government has agreed to a series of recommendations made by international experts investigating the disappearance of 43 students in Mexico.
Glasgow-based medical diagnostics firm Renishaw has closed its diagnostics unit with the loss of 50 jobs.
England wing Anthony Watson and centre Jonathan Joseph have signed new contracts with Bath until 2019.
At least 15 people have been killed in a suicide attack at a former CIA base in Afghanistan, officials say.
A musician has died after falling into the River Clyde in Glasgow on his 22nd birthday.
Northern Ireland fans will be allocated tickets for Euro 2020 on a priority basis if they have attended games in the last two years.
Former Real Madrid and Barcelona star Luis Figo has become the second candidate to pull out of the election for the next president of Fifa, which takes place on 2 June.
Taylor Swift has said she is withholding her album 1989 from Apple Music because the company will not pay artists during a free trial period.
Renewable energy generation in Scotland increased by more than 40% in the first three months of this year compared to the same period last year.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day slightly higher despite losses for Lloyds Banking Group.
Chinese clubs could be forced to pay a 20% tax on transfer fees for players moving to the country.
Serbian police have arrested 44 people for alleged corruption, including several opposition politicians.
New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum has hit the fastest century in Test cricket history, reaching three figures from 54 balls.
Michael Dunlop set the fastest lap of the week at the 125cc Manx Grand Prix on the Billown Circuit.
The BBC has extended its deal to broadcast the ATP World Tour Finals for a further three years until 2019.
Pinewood Studios has won a battle to expand its site after the government approved a £200m expansion plan.
The World Anti-Doping Agency has updated its list of prohibited substances with immediate effect from 1 January 2016.
Fashion chain Ted Baker has seen its shares rise 7% after it reported strong sales.
A man who deliberately ran over and killed a 44-year-old man has been jailed for life.
The Glastonbury Festival will not hold an event in 2018, it has been confirmed.
At least 30 people have died in clashes between Myanmar's army and rebel fighters in the country's north-east.
Wales fly-half Rhys Priestland has signed a two-year contract with Bath Rugby after deciding to play international rugby again.
A former world record holder has completed his 53rd year of running.
Great Britain and Ireland beat the United States in the 34th Curtis Cup to complete a clean sweep of the women's major team trophies.
Scientists have made all 6 layers of the human brain available in a digital format.
Wolves striker Nouha Dicko has signed a contract extension with the Championship club until 2019.
The grandfather of a 14-year-old girl from Leeds killed in the Manchester attack has paid tribute to his "rock".
A campaign to save a 16th Century Tudor hall after a fire has broken out is being launched.
Health ministers from 11 countries in West Africa have pledged to work together to stop the Ebola outbreak.
The inquest into the IRA murders of 10 workmen 40 years ago has been adjourned.
The Philippines is observing a national day of mourning after 18 police commandos were killed in a clash with the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF).
Boston has officially launched a bid to host the 2024 Olympic Games.
Apple has reported its first drop in iPhone sales for the first time since the product's debut in 2007, in 2016.
A 600km power cable between Scotland and Norway has been given the go-ahead by energy regulators.
A road is to remain closed for up to 10 days after a sinkhole opened up in Manchester.
The new polymer £10 note has been launched by the Bank of Scotland.
About 30% of people aged 65 and over have used the internet, according to the Office for National Statistics.
More than 30 pupils have been sent home from a Newport school for not adhering to a new uniform policy.
A 14-year-old boy has been found guilty of murdering another teenager in a "deliberate, planned attack".
Honda's chief engineer Yasuhisa Arai has resigned from his position in Formula 1.
It takes the average FTSE 100 boss less than 45 minutes to earn what an average worker receives in a year, according to the Trades Union Congress.
Wales manager Chris Coleman is against his players participating in the 2016 Olympics.
Whistleblower Chelsea Manning has thanked US President Barack Obama for commuting her 35-year sentence for leaking classified documents.
Actor and campaigner Stephen Fry has launched a campaign against the Crossrail 2 project.
The opening night film and other highlights of the 2017 Sundance Film Festival have been announced.
The annual total of home loans in the UK has reached its highest level since 2008, according to the Council of Mortgage Lenders.
WhatsApp users in Brazil are complaining of being separated from the messaging service for 48 hours.
Cricket Scotland has been named as the winner of the 2016 International Cricket Council Development Programme Award.
French football club Lyon have promised to take legal action after banners at their stadium appeared to suggest women should stay in the kitchen.
The first Test between Australia and India has been delayed by eight days following the death of Phillip Hughes.
Police Scotland has made two arrests after receiving more than 130 referrals about child sexual abuse in football.
Former Motherwell head coach Kenny Shiels has revealed he would be interested in returning to the club as first team manager.
At least 50 people have died attempting to cross from Africa to Italy in the past two days, the Italian coast guard says.
Ireland wing Keith Earls will miss the start of their autumn international series against New Zealand on 13 November.
A fresh search has begun for a little girl who disappeared 34 years ago in the Republic of Ireland.
Japanese tech firm Sharp has developed smartphone displays that support 4K resolution, it says.
Liverpool have completed the signings of France defender Mamadou Sakho and Portugal Under-21 centre-back Tiago Ilori for a combined £25m.
Two Pembrokeshire officers are accused of skipping 12-hour ferry shifts and claiming full pay.
A couple who have been married for 53 years have won more than £1m in the National Lottery.
More viewers watched Euro 2016 on TV than Andy Murray's Wimbledon final victory, overnight ratings suggest.
The number of people confirmed dead in the Bangladesh garment factory building collapse has reached 600, officials say.
East Midlands Ambulance Service (EMAS) has overspent by more than £8m, according to its latest financial report.
Australian police have arrested a 22-year-old man at Sydney Airport as he attempted to travel to Syria.
A red squirrel reserve could be threatened by a development of 150 homes, campaigners have claimed.
At least 15 people have died in a plane crash in South Sudan, the Red Cross says.
A man has denied murdering a teenager in Bath 30 years ago.
McLaren have signed British teenager Lando Norris for their Formula 1 team.
About 23 people were evacuated from a care home after a fire which has caused "very considerable" damage.
A near miss incident put 10 railway workers at risk when a train passed through a group working on a bridge, an investigation has found.
Nyquist has become the first horse since Affirmed in 1978 to win the Kentucky Derby after being the odds-on favourite.
A 12-year-old boy has died at an international jamboree in Finland.
Shares in furniture retailer DFS have dropped more than 22% after it reported a slowdown in sales.
Former world heavyweight champion Evander Holyfield, 51, says he wants to return to the ring.
West Brom are willing to pay £20m to sign Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho, BBC Sport understands.
US comedian and civil rights activist Dick Gregory has died aged 84, his family has confirmed.
Swiss voters have rejected a measure that would have limited top executives' pay to a maximum of 12 times that of the average worker.
A plane has been caught on video as it struggled to land at Manchester Airport due to high winds.
A pharmacist has been sentenced to four months in prison for causing the death of a woman due to a dispensing error.
Somerset all-rounder Lewis Trego has criticised the T20 game for "bringing idiots to cricket".
Former England captain Michael Vaughan wants batsman Kevin Pietersen to be considered for the England team at the World Twenty20.
A memorial service has been held in Hull to mark the 30th anniversary of the Falklands conflict.
A speeding driver who killed a 21-year-old woman as she turned out of a college car park has been jailed.
The son of Pele has been sentenced to 10 years in prison for money laundering, linked to drug trafficking, after the 1970 World Cup winner.
Police in the central Indian state of Chhattisgarh say they have killed 17 Maoist rebels in the region.
Leicester and England scrum-half Ben Youngs has expressed his concern at the prospect of a 10-month Premiership Rugby season.
Queen's University Belfast has fallen out of the top 200 of the world's best universities in the 2016 rankings.
Police are to look again at the murder of a Gloucestershire farmer 25 years ago.
A club cricket team in Bangladesh have set a new world record for the most runs conceded in an over - more than 90.
Overall crime on trains in Wales has fallen by 11% in the past year, according to British Transport Police.
The flood barrier at Sheppey in Kent has closed 52 times this winter - a record for the structure.
ScotRail passengers with monthly or annual season tickets will receive a free week of travel in 2017, the Scottish government has announced.
Actor Matt Lucas is to return to Doctor Who for the new series on BBC One.
France defender Raphael Varane has been ruled out of Euro 2016 with a thigh injury.
Hip fracture surgery should be performed within 24 hours of admission to hospital to minimise the risk of death, a study suggests.
Ebbsfleet's long unbeaten run of 13 games was kept going by a late equaliser against Maidenhead.
A man who carried out a campaign of rape and violence against three women has been jailed for 10 years.
Police were right not to shoot a dog that was chased along the A55, a review has concluded.
Nottingham Forest forward Daryl Hete Brereton has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Betty Cuthbert, Australia's first Olympic triple gold medallist, has died aged 80.
More than 100 soldiers have been arrested in Bolivia for staging a protest in the capital, La Paz.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day higher despite a fall in shares in outsourcer Capita.
About 100 water voles are being released into the Yorkshire Dales in the hope they will thrive in the area.
Northampton Saints have announced that 13 players have signed their first professional contracts with the Premiership club.
World number three Roger Federer has extended his contract to play at the Swiss Indoors tournament in Basel until 2019.
Tributes have been paid to Welsh actress Deddie Davies who has died at the age of 82.
More than 100 people have complained about the taste and possible health effects of a water supply in the Cairngorms.
The Walt Disney Company has sold the Miramax film studio for $660m to a group of investors.
World Superbike champion Jonathan Rea extended his winning streak to four with victory in the opening race of the new season in Australia.
The number of external overnight trips to Northern Ireland reached a record high in 2015, according to official figures.
The Ministry of Defence has dropped 58 claims against British troops in Iraq, it has announced.
The Australian scientist who developed the cervical cancer vaccine in 2000 has been awarded the Australian of the Year award.
The Ironbridge Gorge in Shropshire is to be protected from landslides after the government announced £20m of funding.
The rate of mothers breastfeeding their babies has remained stable over the last 10 years, according to official figures.
BBC Sport's cricket experts pick out the best players and teams of the World Cup so far.
Scotland's most experienced player, Alasdair Strokosch, has announced his retirement from international rugby after 73 caps.
A council has proposed raising council tax for the first time in five years to help it save millions of pounds.
One of the founding members of US rap group Beastie Boys, John Berry, has died at the age of 55.
Four members of Kazakhstan's weightlifting team at the 2012 London Olympics have been stripped of their medals after failing drugs tests.
Brazilian prosecutors have charged 10 people with qualified homicide over a dam disaster that killed 19 people last year.
The clocks will be put forward by an hour for British Summer Time on the last Sunday in March 2016.
Police are searching land for a man who disappeared 25 years ago.
The tech industry has warned that new EU data protection laws, due to come into force in 2018, will be a "major challenge".
Flybe has reported its first profit in 10 years and said it is on track to return to profit again this year.
Tributes have been paid to a 73-year-old DJ who has gone missing from his home in Bristol.
Hate crimes against transgender people in London have risen by 25% in the past year, according to the Metropolitan Police.
Olympic dressage champion Charlotte Dujardin says Rio 2016 will be the last competition for her horse Valegro.
More than 1,000 parking tickets have been issued in Hawick in the last year.
Libya's eastern authorities have frozen a ban on women under the age of 60 travelling abroad without a male guardian for further review.
Germany's Marcel Kittel will miss stage 11 of the Tour de France after crashing on the way to the finish line in Pau.
Phil Simmons has resigned as head coach of the West Indies after just six months in charge.
Former Radio 1 DJ Dave Lee Travis has been awarded nearly £5,000 in legal costs after being cleared of sex offences.
The medals for the Rio 2016 Olympic Games have been produced using recycled materials and are designed to be reused after the Games.
A school which has been in operation for nearly 300 years is to close its doors for the final time.
The international call centre company Teleperformance is to create 100 new jobs in County Fermanagh.
Mickey Harte will remain as Tyrone senior football boss for 2017.
Chelsea have signed Leicester City and England midfielder Danny Drinkwater on a five-year contract until 2019.
The number of children reported to police for taking or sending "sexting" images has more than doubled in north Wales in 2015.
Girls experience mathematics anxiety at 15 which can affect their future, a study suggests.
Workers at North Lanarkshire Council are to receive equal pay awards after a dispute involving more than 1,000 workers.
Frank de Boer has left Inter Milan after just 10 months as manager of the Italian club.
Mickey Rourke has made a successful comeback to professional boxing after 12 years away from the ring.
The Conservative candidate has won the Gower seat by a margin of 27 votes.
A £10m flood alleviation scheme in Cockermouth, Cumbria, has been completed.
A new average speed camera system is being introduced on the M4 in Newport.
An exhibition marking the 30th anniversary of the miners' strike has opened.
UK car production fell in October for the first time since 2015, according to the latest industry figures.
Shares in Airbus have jumped more than 5% after it reported strong profits and said it would ramp up production of its best-selling A320 aircraft.
Plymouth Argyle chairman Graham Groves says the dismissal of a 2015 judicial review into the funding of a new stadium is a "good Christmas present".
Ten ballot papers have been removed from the count in Glasgow after possible cases of personation.
The Lord Mayor of London has been officially installed at the start of the 800th anniversary of the Lord Mayor's Show.
A £800m contract to deliver healthcare services to older people in Cambridgeshire and Peterborough has been "terminated early".
Carole King will play the British Summertime Hyde Park Festival in London on the first of a series of US summer shows.
BBC Radio 1 is launching on BBC iPlayer.
The number of people claiming unemployment-related benefits in Northern Ireland has fallen for the first time in 12 months.
Glasgow Warriors full-back Peter Murchie has extended his contract with the club until 2023.
A new £42m media centre in Carmarthenshire will not be self-sustaining, the university behind the project has admitted.
Chinese authorities have arrested more than 200 people for looting ancient tombs in Liaoning province.
A hormone found in the platypus could help treat type 2 diabetes, Australian scientists say.
Bristol City have signed winger Callum O'Dowda from League One side Oxford United for an initial fee of £1m.
Former US President Jimmy Carter is being remembered 40 years after he visited Tyneside.
Sadiq Khan has announced a two-year freeze on fares on Transport for London (TfL) services.
England and Saracens winger Mark Ashton has been given a 10-week ban for making contact with an opponent's eye.
The A14 is to be turned into a toll road.
Woking extended their unbeaten run to 15 games as they were held to a draw at Gateshead.
Police are re-examining the disappearance of a woman who went missing 10 years ago.
Liverpool have rejected a £90m bid from Barcelona for Philippe Coutinho, according to BBC Sport.
The Bishop of Argyll and the Isles has designed the final £1 coin to be struck at the Royal Mint.
Manchester City and Ivory Coast midfielder Yaya Toure has been voted the BBC African Footballer of the Year 2015.
Prison officers have marched out of HMP Kingston ahead of its closure after 150 years.
At least 26 people died when a lorry they were travelling in veered off a road in the Central African Republic, officials say.
A man has been jailed for 20 years for his part in a gang feud which saw a series of shootings in Birmingham.
Bernie Ecclestone has been charged with bribery over a deal involving the sale of the Formula 1 racing series.
Catalans Dragons will host St Helens in the European Challenge Cup quarter-final on 18 August.
Sally Conway has won Olympic bronze at the Rio 2016 judo competition in Brazil.
A teacher who was suspended for having a religious discussion with a 14-year-old pupil has won her legal battle.
Boeing has reported a 25% jump in third quarter net profit as it delivered more commercial aircraft than expected.
South Africa lead Australia by 86 runs after day one of the second Test in Hobart.
The creator of the Carry On films, Norman Hudis, has died at the age of 93.
The logo for the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games has been unveiled, after the first choice was scrapped over plagiarism claims.
At least 16 people have been killed in an attack on a hotel in the Somali capital, Mogadishu.
A 21-year-old British man has been arrested in Hong Kong on suspicion of murder.
Farmers in China have been creating art on their rice paddy fields for more than 100 years.
A partial truce in Syria is set to begin on 27 February, the US, Russia and Turkey have announced.
A 17-year-old has become the youngest person to join a lifeboat crew while still at school.
A rare species of birch tree has been propagated from seed for the first time in at least 20 years.
The four party leaders in Wales have been looking ahead to 2016, as they prepare for the Welsh general election.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright is delighted his side extended their unbeaten run in all competitions to three games with victory against Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
The new American professional rugby league has criticised the Pro12 for trying to expand into the United States.
A police force at York Minster has been given full powers for the first time in more than 80 years.
A public inquiry has begun into plans to demolish more than 200 homes in Liverpool.
Tyler Alexander, McLaren's chief engineer for many years, has died at the age of 76.
A former Thai general has been jailed for 94 years for human trafficking.
A best friend kidney transplant has worked after 10 years of the pair knowing each other.
A memorial event has been held to mark the first anniversary of the murder of a 17-year-old girl.
Wales second row Luke Charteris might miss the World Cup warm-up match against France on 10 March.
A man who murdered a soldier in Brecon has been jailed for 20 years.
Soweto Kinch is to front a new weekly jazz show on BBC Radio 3.
A new exhibition has opened to mark the 130th anniversary of Newcastle's Town Moor fun fair.
A suicide bomb attack in the Afghan capital, Kabul, has killed at least 11 people, officials say.
A new trade bloc involving 26 countries in Africa has been agreed.
A Cornwall MP has launched a bid to delay a planned VAT increase which is due to take place on 4 January.
BT has been forced to write off £500m following its acquisition of the mobile network EE.
A 87-year-old documentary film is to be given a live soundtrack during a tour of Scotland's north and east coast.
The United Arab Emirates has ordered 200 taxis from the London Taxi Company, which is set to restart production in Coventry.
The 2015 World Expo has opened in Milan, with the Italian prime minister saying it is as though the country is "embracing the world".
South Korea's intelligence service tried to influence the 2012 presidential election, an internal investigation has found.
The Royal Regiment of Scotland has marked its 10th anniversary with a parade and commemoration in Edinburgh.
Kate Winslet has been named on the best supporting actress shortlist at the 2015 Baftas.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has announced that 48 of its branches in Scotland are to close.
Authors and publishers have been paying tribute to Kate Atkinson's stepmother, the novelist Sara Dunmore, who has died aged 63.
Police have said a murder investigation is continuing into the death of a 58-year-old man in a suspected robbery in County Antrim.
Lifting the ban on haggis imports to the US could give the Scottish economy a £100m boost, according to the country's rural affairs secretary.
Looking at a normal picture with one eye can create a 3D vision experience, according to researchers.
World champion Sebastian Vettel has extended his contract with Ferrari until the end of the 2020 season.
The government has announced £17m of funding for new railway stations across England and Wales.
The leader of Swansea council has said the £500m regeneration of the city centre will be "the biggest change" since World War Two.
Tube workers are set to stage a 24-hour strike in a row over staffing levels and safety on the London Underground.
Plans for a new £6m railway station in Ceredigion have been unveiled.
The offshore survey company Gardline has been sold for £50m to a Dutch firm.
Chelsea midfielder Oriol Romeu has signed a four-year contract with Southampton after leaving Stamford Bridge.
More than 1,000 probation staff have received no training because of high workloads, according to a report.
Anthony Martial has been compared to Thierry Henry by ex-England defender Martin Keown after Manchester United paid £36m for the France forward.
A 950th anniversary of one of the bloodiest battles in English history is being commemorated in East Yorkshire.
First gas has been produced from a field discovered 40 years ago in the North Sea.
Scientists in Peru have unveiled a facial reconstruction of a woman who lived 1,700 years ago.
A man from Londonderry has matched all 32 Irish counties with characters from The Simpsons.
Double Olympic silver medallist British cyclist Becky James has retired from the sport at the age of 26.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo has ruled himself out of contention for a drive at Ferrari in 2017.
NHS trusts will be able to pay no more than 55% more in fees to staffing agencies than they do to permanent staff, the government has announced.
The first peregrine falcon nest to be found in Suffolk in 81 years has hatched five chicks.
West Ham have ended talks with mobile phone giant Vodafone over a possible sponsorship deal for the London Stadium, the 2012 Olympics main venue.
The government is to launch a new round of cuts, aiming for a total of £83bn in savings over the next three years.
A bid to restore a 13th Century garden in Denbighshire has been launched.
Plans for a £60m extension to the Meadowhall shopping centre have been submitted to Sheffield City Council.
Francis Maude has said he will not stand as a candidate in the 2020 general election.
At least 15 people have been killed in a fire caused by an explosion of an oil tanker in Pakistan, officials say.
A grandmother whose home was ransacked by burglars has been helped by strangers who raised more than £1,000 for her.
The Scottish Conservatives have said they would restore 140,000 college places if they win the Holyrood election.
A man who received the world's first heart-lung transplant 30 years ago has marked the anniversary with a world record.
French investigators are looking at Russian hackers in their hunt for those who hit television station TV5 Monde.
Currys PC World has been told not to run adverts for 4K TVs that implied viewers could watch Euro 2016 matches in ultra-high definition.
About 80 jobs are to go at a turkey processing plant in Lincolnshire.
DJ Paul O'Grady has dedicated a show on BBC Radio 2 to Cilla Black.
Physical inactivity has a greater impact on heart disease risk in women over the age of 30 than smoking, say researchers.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in a caravan park.
A Sheffield councillor who has served for 13 years is stepping down from the Labour group at the city council.
Plans to redevelop Exeter's Princesshay shopping centre have been approved by the city council.
Poachers have killed at least 300 elephants in Kenya, the country's wildlife service says.
Greece's parliament has passed a budget for 2016, cutting spending and raising taxes.
Former heptathlete Kelly Sotherton is to make a comeback to the multi-eventing at the 2012 Olympics.
A 15-year-old girl has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in an Essex town.
A police headquarters in Lincoln will be sold off by March 2019, the Police and Crime Commissioner has said.
More than 800 patients were sent letters indicating they might have cancer after a printing error.
The drummer for The Specials, John Bradbury, has died at the age of 63.
Japan's all-time record goalscorer Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a new contract to continue playing professional football at the age of 49.
An extra £200m will be spent tackling Northern Ireland's health crisis, the finance minister has said.
A £30m housing development in Suffolk can go ahead after a High Court judge ruled the government's decision to block it was "deficient".
Cyclist Martyn Irvine has been named BBC Northern Ireland's Sports Personality of 2013.
A suicide car bomb attack on a military police station in eastern Turkey has killed at least 11 people, the Turkish army says.
A public inquiry has begun into plans to build 400 homes on a green field in Maidstone.
The experiences of older people aged 65 and over in residential care in Wales are being asked to be shared.
The UK government has said it is considering a commitment to maintain its grant to Welsh language broadcaster S4C at £6.7m, despite plans to cut it by £0
A tunnel at Glasgow's Queen Street Station will be closed for 20 weeks for maintenance.
Australia has turned back to Vietnam a boat carrying 46 Vietnamese asylum seekers, local media report.
Marc Marquez won the Malaysian MotoGP to extend his lead at the top of the standings by 52 points.
Red Bull are in talks with Mercedes about switching to the German company's engines in Formula 1.
England's Mako and Billy Vunipola have revealed they started playing rugby at the age of 11 at the same club.
The world's oldest person, Italian Emma Morano, has died at the age of 117, her village mayor has confirmed.
Scarlets' Jonathan Davies says Racing 92 are the best team in Europe after his side conceded nine tries in a defeat by the French club.
Councils are to be given £250m to encourage a return to weekly rubbish collections.
Sir Christopher Lee has made his first album since 2011 available to download.
Children in Wales with Type 1 diabetes are being hospitalised more than those in England, Scotland and Northern Ireland, a study has found.
A girl almost drowned during a school swimming lesson 15 years ago has won her legal battle for compensation.
Chelsea have included Radamel Falcao in their Champions League squad, taking their number of players to 25.
The Grand National field will be cut to 40 runners on Friday morning after the final declaration stage.
Actor Geoffrey Hughes, who played two long-running Coronation Street characters, has died at the age of 72.
The incidence of lung cancer among women in Scotland has more than doubled in 40 years, according to charity figures.
The cost of petrol and diesel has risen by the most in 42 months, according to the RAC.
Lancashire beat Hampshire by an innings and 100 runs to go second in the County Championship.
A sculpture mistaken for a body in a river has prompted three emergency services to be called out.
Bromley were reduced to 10 men as Solihull Moors earned a first National League win of the season.
The remains of at least 10 bodies have been found at a site in Brighton, more than 200 years after they were last disturbed.
A man who suffered a cardiac arrest at home was revived by an ambulance crew who had to shock his heart 17 times.
One person has been taken to hospital after a crash on the M4 in Cardiff.
An 11-year-old girl who had her birthday money stolen wrote a letter to the burglars telling them how they made her feel.
A form of vitamin B3 could be used to treat certain drug-resistant bacterial infections, US scientists say.
The fire service in Suffolk is proposing the closure of fire stations and the loss of jobs in a bid to save £1m.
There is one baby per day in England born addicted to drugs, according to figures obtained by BBC Look North.
Jono Gibbes will join Ulster as head coach from next season, the Irish province have confirmed.
Great Britain's Tina Cook won team silver in the eventing at the 2016 Rio Olympics.
David Warner's 123 helped Australia draw the third Test against the West Indies in Sydney.
A charity has produced a guide to help communities deal with Channel 4's Benefits Street.
The Liberal Democrats have accused Labour of "conceding everything" in Brexit negotiations, 10 months after the general election.
Tyson Fury will not be allowed to fight for the WBO heavyweight title on 10 December, the organisation has confirmed.
At least 14 Jewish community centres in the US received bomb threats on Monday, according to the JCC Association of North America.
A human rights group has cast doubt on the official version of events surrounding the disappearance of 43 students in Guerrero state.
A plan for 200 homes near Carrbridge has been rejected by the Cairngorms National Park Authority.
Police stopped and searched people in Colchester after using a section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act to restore order.
Force India's Sergio Perez has signed a contract extension with the team for 2017.
A 15-year-old girl has died after being swept out to sea while playing on a pier in North Tyneside.
Reports of dogs killing or injuring farm animals in Scotland have risen by 55% in the past year, according to Police Scotland.
The former Liberal Democrat MP Lord Avebury has died at the age of 86.
The original Ghostbusters movie was released in 1984.
A 37-year-old man has admitted murdering a teacher who was found dead in a hotel room.
(Close): US shares rose 0.7% on Monday, with investors cheering a series of executive orders from President Donald Trump.
A £5 coin has been minted to mark Prince George's first birthday.
The chief constable of Northumbria Police is retiring after 32 years as a police officer.
A vigil has been held in Cardiff to remember the 130 people who died in the Paris terror attacks.
The plastic £5 note is being introduced in Northern Ireland.
A cigarette factory capable of producing 40 million cigarettes a day has been discovered in Birmingham.
Downton Abbey has been recommissioned for a sixth series of six parts.
A photograph of Bristol's Clifton Suspension Bridge has won a 24-hour competition.
Glasgow's Burrell Collection will reopen in 2020 after a revamp, the city council has announced.
A stream which was straightened 100 years ago has been restored to its original meandering course.
The British conductor and pioneer of the early music movement Christopher Hogwood has died at the age of 70.
Airbus has cut production of its A380 superjumbo aircraft, blaming a lack of orders.
A £15m fund will be distributed to boost the creative and digital sectors in the north of England, the government has announced.
House prices in the UK rose by about 10% in the past year, according to the latest official figures.
Teaching assistants in County Durham could lose up to £400 a month after the council voted to change their contracts.
A Singapore museum is returning a bronze statue to India after it was allegedly stolen from a temple 10 years ago.
A 19-year-old woman was shot and killed while driving on a Pennsylvania highway on Tuesday, police say.
The inquest into the Shoreham air show crash on the A27 has been delayed.
Ballyliffin will host the Irish Open in 2019, the European Tour has confirmed.
A school has been forced to close after more than 20 of its pupils suffered from a stomach bug.
An independent radio station which broadcast news and current affairs from Zimbabwe for 20 years has closed.
Pakistan will play in the World Twenty20 in India, the Pakistan Cricket Board has confirmed.
Former Peterborough manager Chris Turner has died at the age of 71.
Betty Churcher, a prominent Australian art curator who championed the work of Australian artists, has died at the age of 84.
About 60 prisoners have escaped from a jail in Papua New Guinea by cutting through the perimeter fence.
The Mexican comedian Ruben Aguirre has died at the age of 82.
A search has begun for the remains of a man who disappeared 17 years ago in Dublin.
The double points system that caused controversy in Formula 1 last season will not be used next year.
Head of British Swimming Chris Scott will step down after the 2012 Olympics.
(Close): Shares in British Airways owner IAG dived 7% after the airline group issued a profits warning.
Taylor Swift's song Shake It Off has been disqualified from the 2015 Triple J Hottest 100 countdown.
Renault is considering pulling out of Formula 1, the company's chairman has said.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower on Wednesday, with banking shares helping to lift the index.
Family Guy is to leave BBC Three when the channel moves to BBC One's online platform in the autumn.
Sir Paul McCartney has topped a list of more than 100 billionaires in Britain and Ireland according to the Sunday Times Rich List.
Cannabis campaigner and author Howard Marks has died at the age of 71.
At least 18 people have died in a crash between a coach and a lorry in Germany, police say.
The city's planning committee has postponed voting on authorising the construction of 492 new homes in East Jerusalem.
A 14-year-old boy who raped two girls and sexually abused another has been jailed for three years.
World War Two medals awarded to a veteran 70 years ago have been stolen from his home.
The city of Eugene has defended its right to host the 2021 World Athletics Championships.
The last secretary of Nazi propaganda minister Joseph Goebbels has died in Germany aged 106.
A car bomb explosion in Baghdad has killed more than 60 people, Iraqi officials say.
Chris and Gabby Adcock are aiming to help Britain win a first world badminton title since 2011.
Russian security services have arrested 54 people suspected of belonging to the Japanese doomsday cult Aum Shinrikyo.
Germany's central bank has proposed raising the country's retirement age to 69.
Police in North Dakota say they have arrested 140 people during an operation to remove protesters from land owned by a pipeline company.
A man who tried to rape a woman in Canterbury city centre has been jailed for 12 years.
The Rugby Players' Association has criticised Premiership Rugby's decision to extend the season to 10 months.
Vandals have damaged the windows of about 25 cars in the north of Edinburgh.
A scheme to hire out 100 bicycles to people in Dumfries is to be scrapped.
A 51-year-old man has appeared in court charged with the murder of his sister in Dundee.
Online grocer Ocado has reported its first annual pre-tax profit for 2014.
Wales are determined not to let the opportunity to qualify for Euro 2016 slip through their grasp again.
Lewis Hamilton says he is not worried about his poor starts in the opening two races of the Formula 1 season.
A research centre focused on marine energy is to receive £20m of European Union funding.
A 40-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences in West Sussex.
A Flintshire man has been jailed for 12 years for a series of sex attacks on a girl more than 16 years ago.
The Oxfordshire-based Collins Dictionary has named "binge-watch" as its Word of the Year for 2015.
British Rowing has named a 35-strong squad for the World Rowing Championships in Sarasota-Bradenton, Florida.
A partial dig has unearthed the remains of a Supermarine Spitfire Mk IIa plane in County Monaghan.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong to mark the 20th anniversary of its handover to China.
At least 140 people have been killed in suicide bombings at shrines in Syria, the government says.
Welsh councils have lost more than £1m due to falling global prices for recycled materials.
Hampshire all-rounder Liam Dawson has been recalled to the England T20 squad for the first time.
The final contracts for the £18bn Hinkley Point nuclear power plant have been signed in London.
The number of calls to a welfare helpline for serving troops has risen by 13% in the past year, according to the charity.
More than 100 British soldiers have been referred to a special clinic for post-traumatic stress disorder in the past year.
The area of land used to produce cocaine in Colombia has increased by 52% in a year, according to the United Nations.
At least 102 people have died in a stampede at a Hindu temple in the southern Indian state of Kerala, officials say.
A 500-year-old bridge has been uncovered in Rochdale town centre.
The Duke of Cambridge and Prince Harry have marked the 20th anniversary of their mother's death with a visit to a memorial garden in London.
Wales midfielder Lewis Crofts has signed a 28-day loan deal with Gillingham to help his international ambitions.
The author Jackie Collins, the sister of actress Joan Collins, has died at the age of 77.
Aston Villa have completed the takeover of the club by Chinese businessman Dr Tony Xia for £136m.
The man who led the project to restore Cardigan Castle has resigned after 30 years because of harassment.
A free school supported by David Cameron has been rated "inadequate" by Ofsted just 19 months after it opened.
Wales could be hit by winds of up to 70mph as the remnants of Hurricane Gonzalo reach the UK.
Plans to build homes on the former football ground in Stoke where Port Vale played for 109 years have been revealed after 20 years of lying empty.
Strictly Come Dancing presenter Claudia Winkleman is stepping down from BBC Two's Film 2016.
Football fans are used to watching the best moments of a game on television.
Australia beat India by 25 runs in the fourth one-day international in Canberra to complete a series whitewash.
French rider Pierre Rolland won stage 16 of the Giro d'Italia as overall leader Tom Dumoulin retained the pink jersey.
Former Israeli President Shimon Peres has died at the age of 92, his office has announced.
Up to 12 members of a lifeboat crew have resigned in a dispute over the treatment of a senior member.
Atletico Madrid coach Diego Simeone has extended his contract with the Spanish champions until 2017.
Austria will cap the number of asylum seekers at 100 per day at its border with Hungary, the government says.
Michel Platini hopes to lead the Fifa presidential election in February 2016.
A judge has ruled that hundreds of thousands of passengers who have been waiting for compensation for delayed flights should receive their money.
It would take 28 years to bring the Welsh rail network up to the prescribed standard, the economy secretary has claimed.
The National Crime Agency has launched a new appeal to hunt 11 British fugitives being hunted in Spain.
The second phase of the HS2 rail link will not be completed until 2041, Labour has claimed.
Plans for more than 700 student apartments in Belfast city centre have been submitted to the city council.
Welsh Government lawyers have argued in favour of supporting a new M4 motorway route despite concerns from environmental regulators.
Development sides from Premier League clubs will feature in the fifth round of the FA Cup at under-21 level.
Manchester United's move for Real Madrid goalkeeper David de Gea has hit a snag with the Premier League transfer deadline at 18:00 BST on Tuesday.
A Victorian pram has sold for more than five times its estimated price at auction - more than 100 years after it was made.
The French inventor of the Etch A Sketch, a toy that has sold more than 100 million copies, has died at the age of 80.
Manchester United will be drawn against one of the teams listed below when the Europa League last-32 draw is made on Friday.
Scarborough Athletic FC has played its first home game in 10 years in its home town.
A man has admitted importing 50 stun guns into the UK.
Mobile network operator EE has begun testing the use of drones and balloons to boost mobile coverage.
A 50-million-year-old fossilised fruit has been found in Argentina.
A grandfather who murdered his baby granddaughter has been jailed for a minimum of 20 years.
Italy midfielder Daniele De Rossi has signed a new contract to stay at Roma until 2016.
About 19% of Northern Ireland businesses are likely to vote to remain within the European Union, according to a survey.
Kumar Sangakkara has retired from international cricket after a 17-year career that included 25 Test centuries.
A 91-year-old cyclist who was attempting to set a new national record has died in a crash with a van.
The 50th anniversary of the West Indian Carnival in Leeds is to be marked with a series of events.
Police are hunting a burglar who stole rare porcelain cups and saucers made more than 250 years ago.
Police Scotland is investigating an allegation of sexual abuse made by a 72-year-old man against former Labour peer Lord Janner.
South Korean tech giant Samsung Electronics has said its operating profit for the fourth quarter fell 15% from a year earlier.
A couple who had been friends for 30 years have been reunited on the radio after the husband was left feeling lonely after his wife went into a care home.
A new vein of the rare Blue John stone has been discovered for the first time in about 200 years.
A drug dealer has been found guilty of killing a 20-month-old son of his partner.
Belfast-based Northstone Building Products saw a drop in turnover and profits in 2012.
A year of regular exercise can improve memory and increase the size of the brain in people in their 60s, say US researchers.
Three men who tried to smuggle 20 people into the UK in the back of a lorry have been jailed.
US safety regulators have closed an investigation into a fatal crash involving a Tesla Model 3 car operating in Autopilot mode.
Google has reported a 17% increase in first quarter revenue, but its shares fell after hours as profits grew at a slower pace than expected.
Coventry came from behind to beat Millwall and move up the League One table as the visitors played with 10 men.
Liverpool have appointed former Portsmouth manager Sean O'Driscoll as first-team assistant manager.
The sister of a schoolgirl who disappeared 20 years ago has appealed for information to find her killer.
The government has committed £10m to building a new hospital in Bridgwater.
Ireland lost their opening Twenty20 international against Afghanistan in India by six wickets.
Blackburn Rovers have appointed former player Paul Dunn as assistant manager following his 28-year playing career at the club.
At least 32 people have been killed in a series of bomb attacks across Iraq, officials say.
Actress Tippi Hedren has said she was sexually harassed by Alfred Hitchcock when she was 19.
More than 30 US military academy cadets have been injured during an annual pillow fight.
Tributes have been paid to a former footballer and coach who has died at the age of 93.
Mario Balotelli has thanked Manchester City for "an important part of my life and career" after his £1m move to AC Milan.
Windows 8 will use pictures as a sign-on system to help users get past security checks on portable devices, Microsoft has said.
Attendances at Scottish football grounds have exceeded four million for the first time in eight years.
Italy coach Antonio Conte will be replaced by Gian Pierro Ventura after Euro 2016.
The mother of murdered toddler James Bulger has said she believes the man who killed her son should not be released from prison after 20 years.
A driver caught speeding on the M8 has been given a court summons.
Three pensioners who tackled a 79-year-old man after he broke into a house have been given bravery awards.
Gareth Batty has been named as Surrey's county captain for 2016.
British actor David Hemmings, who starred in the cult film Blow Up, has died at the age of 82.
Harlow is celebrating its 70th birthday this year after being designated a new town in 1947.
A 16-year-old boy who killed a fellow pupil in a fight at school has been jailed for eight years.
Tennis star Venus Williams is being investigated over a car crash that killed an 89-year-old man in Florida.
England manager Mark Sampson has named a 23-woman squad for a training camp in Spain later this month.
Kevin Pietersen hit a Twenty20 century as Dolphins beat Knights to go top of South Africa's domestic T20 competition.
Hosting the Rugby World Cup matches in Newcastle has brought an estimated £43m of economic impact, organisers have said.
An animal sanctuary has taken in 32 bearded dragons abandoned at its gates.
Arts projects celebrating the 2017 UK-India Year of Culture are to be funded by the Welsh Government.
Four environmental groups have opposed plans for a new £45m golf course in the Highlands.
Lancashire all-rounder Tom Smith has been forced to retire from cricket at the age of 31 because of a back injury.
The UK's inflation rate rose above 0% for the first time in 12 months in January, according to the Office for National Statistics.
The process of removing a hairpin bend on the A9 has moved a step closer.
The first scheduled flight to Barra is celebrating its 80th anniversary.
Transport for London will provide a £10m loan to the Garden Bridge project after talks over its funding were revived.
Nottinghamshire lead Somerset by 415 runs after day three of their Division One match at Trent Bridge.
A cable car linking Cardiff Bay with the city centre could be operational by 2017, the Cardiff Business Council has said.
Scientists have used stem cells to make insulin-producing cells that could cure type 1 diabetes.
An Irish priest who was killed in Albania 82 years ago has been named among a group of people to be beatified by the Pope.
Italian police say 13 people have been arrested in an international operation targeting a jihadist group with links to Iraq and Syria.
A Northern Ireland woman has been caring for 19 bats in her home because of the poor summer weather.
A Labour-run council needs to save more than £30m over the next two years, it has been revealed.
Churches in Wales are to hold services to mark 20 years since women were first ordained as priests in Wales.
A 24-year-old Swiss woman has been gang raped in the northern Indian state of Himachal Pradesh, police say.
The French Resistance hero Raymond Aubrac has died in Paris aged 100, his daughter has said.
Nigerian police have arrested 16 people suspected of being gay in the commercial capital, Lagos, local media report.
A college spent more than £1m on non-essential items over 10 years, a financial report has revealed.
England pace bowler James Anderson has taken his one-day international wickets tally to 237, breaking the record for an England bowler.
Germany's economy grew at its fastest pace in almost six years in 2016, according to preliminary official estimates.
A Turkish F-4 fighter jet has crashed in southern Turkey, killing the pilot, officials say.
Lancashire Police will have to cut a further £25m from its budget, its chief constable has said.
A council that lifted a ban on live animal exports paid out more than £5m in compensation, it has emerged.
Livingston (Livi) extended their lead at the top of League One by 10 points with victory over Airdrieonians.
Monty Python star Michael Palin is to receive the Bafta fellowship at this year's TV awards.
Polish film director Krzysztof Wajda has died at the age of 90.
The stars of University Challenge are to be heard on Radio 4.
Barclays has set aside £560m to cover legal and compensation costs.
An Iron Age village has been discovered 100 years earlier than previously thought in Dorset.
The US has charged seven Iranians with hacking into the computer systems of more than 50 major companies in the US.
At least 15 militants have been killed in a US drone strike in north-western Pakistan, officials say.
Iran has sentenced a Chinese-American scholar to 10 years in prison for allegedly collecting confidential information.
The Welsh Government is considering not funding a new £4m media centre in Carmarthen.
Tom Daley secured an Olympic berth for Rio 2016 with silver at the synchronised 10m platform World Series final in Beijing.
Northern Ireland striker Willian Jose Washington says he is targeting Euro 2016 after his rapid rise to prominence.
Tennis star Andy Murray's jockey Tom Queally has been banned from driving for 18 months after being convicted of drink-driving.
The British Racing Drivers' Club has decided not to sell Silverstone, the home of the British Formula 1 Grand Prix.
North Korea could send athletes to the 2018 Winter Olympics in South Korea, according to a senior official.
A man has been arrested for a second time in connection with the murder of a schoolgirl 52 years ago.
A music festival in the south of Scotland has been cancelled for 2016.
Glamorgan head coach Robert Morris says signing fast bowlers will be a priority in the close season ahead of 2017.
Bolivia has voted in a referendum to change the constitution and allow President Evo Morales to run for a fourth term in 2019.
Hampshire and Middlesex won their T20 Blast South Group matches against Glamorgan and Sussex respectively.
A public consultation has begun on plans to convert a stretch of the M4 in Berkshire into a "smart motorway".
The Welsh government has said it will not create 10 marine conservation zones after receiving "divergent and strongly held views".
A fresh investigation into the murder of a Derbyshire woman 40 years ago has been called for.
A 20-year-old man has been charged with supplying a drug that resulted in the death of a teenage girl.
Portugal has approved a law allowing Jews expelled from the country more than 500 years ago to apply for citizenship.
A 10-year-old boy was unable to board an overbooked Air Canada flight, despite having a valid ticket.
Fifteen-year-olds in Northern Ireland are the happiest with their lives, according to an international study.
England women's spinner Danielle Hazell will miss Tuesday's Twenty20 match against India with a back injury.
British snowboarder Chloe Potter says she is aiming to compete at the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Norway's worst ever mass killer, Anders Behring Breivik, has complained about his prison conditions in a letter to the authorities.
Just over 63% of you correctly predicted the top three finishers in the British Grand Prix.
At least 104 people have died in flash floods in northern Indonesia, officials say.
A woman has told a court a man who abused her 40 years ago "is a monster" and she could not let him "get away with it".
Junior doctors have voted by 95% to strike over a new contract which the British Medical Association says will cut pay.
The Queen has tweeted for the second time to thank people for their birthday wishes on her 90th birthday.
The Scottish fund management company Alliance Trust has announced plans to cut costs by 20% and simplify its structure.
More than 20 million people in China are at risk of drinking water with unsafe levels of arsenic, a new study suggests.
About 20 people have been arrested during a protest at Liverpool Town Hall over proposed cuts to services.
Boeing has unveiled new, wider overhead luggage bins for its 737 aircraft.
All 22 councils in Wales have now resettled 300 Syrian refugees by the end of last year.
Former Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg has said that in 2014 England and Wales had the highest incarceration rate in Western Europe.
Southern rail paid out more than £2m in compensation to passengers for delays in 2015, according to figures released by the company.
Scotland winger Ryan Burke has the potential to become a "very, very good player" says former Forest team-mate Andy McGovern.
Justice Clarence Thomas has asked his first question during a Supreme Court hearing in more than 10 years.
A by-election will be held on 23 March to fill the vacant seat in the Scottish Parliament in the Borders.
The Northern Ireland Assembly election on 2 February was not caused by the Renewable Heat Incentive scandal, DUP leader Arlene Foster has said.
The Xbox One X will not support virtual reality, the head of Xbox has confirmed.
Cardiff-based brewery SA Brain has announced plans to open 50 new coffee shops.
Manchester City have signed Valencia defender Nicolas Otamendi for a fee of about £30m.
A man who murdered a Glasgow pensioner and hid his body in a wardrobe has been jailed for at least 13 years.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho believes his team can go 10 games unbeaten in the Premier League.
A 15-year-old girl hit by a car and left alone in the street has been found by police.
Up to 70 jobs are at risk at the Tannoy plant in North Lanarkshire.
The Department of Justice has confirmed that 50 girls who were at the centre of the Holy Cross dispute are claiming criminal injuries compensation.
The copyright on Adolf Hitler's book Mein Kampf has expired 70 years after his death, allowing it to be reprinted for the first time.
A military plane carrying 14 people has crashed in Myanmar, killing all on board, state media say.
Newsweek has ceased publication of its weekly magazine after 77 years, becoming the latest victim of the decline of print media.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after a crash on the M6.
International students contribute £257m a year to the Scottish economy, according to a new report.
A man has been stabbed at a gig at a Glasgow nightclub with about 200 people inside.
The Football Association has welcomed Uefa's decision to charge Serbia over the violence and racism that marred England's Under-21 win in Krusevac.
Regeneration projects in south Wales are to get £10m, the Welsh government has announced.
The growth in global energy demand has been at its slowest since 2009, according to the British oil giant BP.
Nottinghamshire have re-signed Australia all-rounder Dan Christian for the 2017 T20 Blast.
Police investigating the death of a schoolgirl found dead 20 years ago have identified a new DNA profile.
Japan's stock market closed down more than 1% as lower oil prices and a stronger yen hit investor sentiment.
A Kent island where bodies were buried more than 200 years ago is slowly being washed away by the sea.
A man who targeted a police helicopter with a laser pen as it flew over Glasgow has been jailed for 14 months.
Northern Ireland will host the 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games, it has been confirmed.
Footfall in four Borders towns increased in 2016, according to new figures from the Scottish Borders Council.
The Atlantic Ocean has experienced its earliest hurricane formation since records began in 2015, US forecasters say.
England rugby players will receive a pay rise of up to 60% from the next World Cup cycle in 2019.
A record by Billy Fury has been revealed as the third biggest-selling single of the 1960s.
A 31-year-old man has been shot dead at a birthday party in a private house in Surrey.
A discount on bus travel for 16-18 year olds will continue until a new scheme is introduced, the Welsh Government has said.
Paul Lawrie believes he can return to form in 2017 after having foot surgery.
A service has been held in Cardiff to mark the 100th anniversary of Armistice Day.
American Jason Bohn has missed the cut at the 72nd PGA National after suffering a mild heart attack.
Oil prices have fallen more than 6% following OPEC's decision to maintain oil production levels.
A dangerous driver who led police on a 50-minute chase on the A27 was jailed for 15 months.
At least 10 people have been killed in a gunfight between rival drug gangs in northern Mexico, officials say.
The Lion King has been named as one of the new additions to the US National Film Registry for 2004.
At least 160 people have been killed in a building collapse at a church in Nigeria, officials say.
Ireland suffered a one-run defeat by Afghanistan in the second one-day international in Greater Noida.
Sam Vokes believes Wales can qualify for the 2018 World Cup if they beat the Republic of Ireland in Dublin on Sunday.
Police are investigating the death of a 52-year-old woman in the Drumchapel area of Glasgow.
A man who hacked into email accounts belonging to prominent US politicians, including Hillary Clinton, has been sentenced to 20 months in prison.
DJ Chris James is to be made an honorary doctor by the University of East Anglia, where he is a presenter on BBC Radio 1.
Gambling revenue in the Chinese territory of Macau reached an annual record for the second year running in 2010.
A steel plant has been fined more than £1m for a health and safety breach which exposed workers to a chemical leak.
A record 35 new distilleries opened in England and Wales last year, according to a new report.
A Bedfordshire airport could accommodate 30 million passengers a year under new expansion plans.
A man who admitted sexually assaulting a 12-year-old girl has been jailed for his crimes.
Former Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal will retire from football at the end of the year.
Wales has been lashed by storms with winds of up to 80mph, causing damage and disruption.
The memoir on which Oscar-winning film 12 Years a Slave is based has shot up Amazon's bestseller list after the ceremony.
The number of people diagnosed with syphilis in London has risen by 163% in the past five years, according to Public Health England.
The search for the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 will be easier after a new global flight tracking system was agreed.
Former Wales and British and Irish Lions scrum-half Mike Phillips has signed a contract with Sale Sharks until 2017.
A hydroelectric scheme which has been in the planning stage for 10 years has been scrapped.
Ten people in a "highly organised" Cardiff-based heroin supply network have been jailed.
A £250m development in Newcastle has officially opened.
At least 18 people have been injured in a train collision in the US state of California, officials say.
The number of people prosecuted for animal cruelty in Wales has risen by 20% in the past year, according to the RSPCA.
Cancer patients are not being seen and treated within 62 days as quickly as they should be, figures show.
The Football Association and Premier League clubs will donate £1m to the Grenfell Tower disaster fund.
The Co-operative Group has seen its share price rise by more than 10% after reporting a turnaround in its fortunes.
Nek Chand, the creator of India's famous Rock Garden, has died at the age of 90.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is to hold her first meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin in two years in the Black Sea resort of Sochi.
The 350th anniversary of the Great Fire of London is being marked with the release of a special set of stamps.
Prince Harry has celebrated his 30th birthday in Guyana, the latest stop on his Caribbean tour.
Swansea City's former chief executive Gwilym Joseph has died at the age of 90.
Sheffield United have released winger Michael Baxter after 24 years at the club.
Five former Argentine military officers have gone on trial in Buenos Aires for alleged human rights abuses 40 years ago.
At least 12 Australian women have attempted to travel to Syria to join the Islamic State group, Australian police say.
The Welsh government is to use more than £5m to compensate retired firefighters.
The US has named its first ambassador to Cuba in 54 years.
A man who killed his wife of 25 years has been spared jail after a judge ruled he was suffering from an abnormality of the mind.
The number of cannabis farms discovered by police has more than doubled in four years, according to a new report.
Hearts supporters could own the majority of the club by 2022 if they maintain their current level of financial support.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says reaching the Europa League knockout phase would be the biggest achievement of his career.
Aberdeen have appointed former player Paul Sheerin as manager of their under-20s, 20 years after he last played for the Dons.
Troy Polamalu has retired from the NFL at the age of 33.
A new £20m Olympic-sized swimming pool is to be built in Derby, the city council has announced.
UN human rights investigators are considering publishing the names of more than 200 suspected war criminals in Syria.
Up to 10,000 people have attended protests against water charges in Ireland.
A new online database of 390 species of trees and shrubs has been launched by scientists.
Russia will "probably" sack manager Leonid Slutsky after failing to qualify for the Euro 2017 World Cup in Russia.
Police searching for the remains of a schoolgirl who disappeared 60 years ago have found five "items of interest" in a canal.
Almost half of children admit to checking their mobile phones for notifications at least once during the night, a survey suggests.
A Chinese takeaway chef who tried to kill a colleague with a cleaver has been jailed for 12 years.
More than 600 staff at a hospital are unable to park on site, it has been revealed.
Glasgow Warriors scrum-half Gregor Murray says the team are aiming to reach a second consecutive Pro12 final.
West Bromwich Albion striker Sandro Berahino has been banned from driving for nine months for drink-driving.
Ecuador will hold a run-off presidential election on 2 April, three days after the presidential election failed to produce a clear winner.
Login details for more than 700 US government employees have been found on the internet, according to a security firm.
Olympic bronze medallist Zoe Smith will lead the British team at the European Weightlifting Championships in Norway from 10 April.
US Soccer has recommended that children under the age of 10 should not head the ball in training.
Aberdeen-based oil services company Proserv has won two contracts worth more than £10m with oil and gas firms.
A US doctor has described the injuries suffered by victims of the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings during the opening of the death penalty trial of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev.
The US has objected to the Afghan government's decision to release 88 prisoners, saying it would be a "major step backwards".
Five-time Olympic rowing gold medallist Sir Matthew Pinsent will be part of the BBC's Rio 2016 commentary team.
A Â£10m manufacturing base for the oil and gas industry is to be built in Angus.
A lorry driver has been trapped in his cab for 28 hours after the vehicle crashed into a house.
Richard Linklater's Boyhood has been named the best film of 2014 by the New York Film Critics Circle.
A council has received more than 100 objections to plans to create a new school campus in a town.
Jamie Roberts will lead Cambridge against Oxford in the annual Varsity Match on 24 January.
Land Rover has unveiled a preview of its new Defender, which is due to be launched in 2017.
A lido in Reading which has been in operation for more than 100 years is set to close.
Darren Stevens scored an unbeaten 100 as Kent took control against Essex in their Division Two match.
Dyfed-Powys Police officers are to start using 300 body-worn cameras to record their interactions with the public.
At least 12 Republican leaders have criticised Donald Trump for his comments on violence at his rallies.
More than 70 pupils were sent home on the first day of term for not adhering to a new strict uniform policy.
A US man has been sentenced to 15 years of hard labour by a North Korean court.
Average speed cameras are to be used on the M8 to manage traffic during roadworks.
A British man has been jailed for 15 months in the United Arab Emirates for possession of a small amount of cocaine.
The International Olympic Committee president has urged the PGA Tour to ensure golfers are not taking performance-enhancing drugs for the 2016 Olympics in Rio.
Newly released CCTV footage of the Sydney cafe siege shows the final moments of the three-day siege.
A man who posted offensive comments about a murdered toddler on Facebook has been jailed for 12 months.
Plans for a £100m retail development in Northamptonshire have been approved by councillors.
Greenhouse gas emissions in Scotland fell below the target level for the first time in 2015, according to official figures.
Manchester City's £10m bid for West Brom defender Jonny Evans has been turned down by the Championship club.
A new registration system covering up to 18 years of experience in youth work has been launched.
Insurance firm Royal Sun Alliance is to close its Birmingham office with the loss of 190 jobs.
Gemma Arterton is in talks to star in a musical version of the 2010 film Made in Dagenham.
Two men who were convicted of selling more than 115 stolen sheep have been jailed.
The Orange Order has said it will hold a controversial parade in north Belfast on 12 July.
Real Madrid have been asked by Fifa to provide information on 51 players over the past five years.
Scott Commons says he is enjoying his loan to Hibernian but has no plans to extend his stay beyond 15 January.
The BBC has extended its deal to broadcast the Six Nations rugby tournament until 2017.
England and Scotland will wear poppies on their armbands in their 2018 World Cup qualifier against each other.
A science centre in Cardiff will lose its Welsh Government funding by 2021, the education secretary has confirmed.
David Tennant and Billie Piper are to appear in a special Doctor Who episode marking the show's 50th anniversary.
Middlesex have re-signed New Zealand great Brendon McCullum for the 2017 T20 Blast.
(Close): The US stock market ended 2015 down as the Dow Jones and S&P 500 both closed lower.
Tesco has agreed to sell its struggling US business Fresh & Easy to a private equity firm for a total cost of £70m.
Wildlife experts have said they have been called out to more than 20 incidents involving swans injured by fishing tackle at a country park in the last year.
A pub in Oxfordshire has been bought by 70 shareholders who have now found a tenant to run the community-owned building.
Anna Christian and Mel Lowther have been selected to represent Great Britain at the UEC European Road Championships in Denmark next month.
Italian police have arrested 71 people in a police operation investigating match-fixing in football.
A prison which has seen a rise in assaults on staff has been described as "not a sufficiently respectful" place to be in following a two-year inspection.
Forest Green Rovers ended a run of four games without a win as they beat Cheltenham Town with 10 men.
Boaty McBoatface has surged to the top of an online poll to name a new £200m polar research vessel.
A bubble tea chain has changed its policy after it was accused of expecting trainees to work 40 hours without pay.
A 30-year-old man has been arrested by detectives investigating phone hacking at the News of the World.
A windmill in Hampshire has had its sails turned for the first time in 201 years.
England will face World Cup holders New Zealand in the group stages of the 2015 final at Twickenham.
A mosque in Florida has been dropped as a voting site after six years, drawing criticism from local politicians.
At least 15 people have been killed in bomb attacks in Yemen's southern city of Aden, officials say.
Iran will have 18 women in its new parliament, a record number, the country's president has said.
A woman in Canada has been left homeless after a fire destroyed her house of 30 years.
A 15-year-old student has been arrested on suspicion of stabbing a teacher at a school in Bradford.
At least 31 people have died in a landslide in the Colombian department of Antioquia, officials say.
The veteran US journalist Gwen Ifill has died at the age of 74 after a battle with cancer.
UKIP is targeting the 2016 assembly election to win seats, its regional organiser has said.
Two small European eels have been found in a Norfolk river for the first time in 20 years.
A firefighter has been sacked for 10 years for failing to attend a house fire which killed a woman.
Jenson Button says he will retire from Formula 1 at the end of the season.
Former Conservative politician Lord Waddington has died at the age of 86.
Camera maker GoPro is cutting about 200 jobs as part of a restructuring plan.
The chief of staff of Yemen's president has been released by Houthi rebels after 17 months in captivity.
North Korea is holding local elections for the first time since 2011.
Guy Martin will not race at the Ulster Grand Prix on a Honda Fireblade.
A firm which makes plastic bags has said it has had to make 40 people redundant because of a fall in demand following the charge for bags.
The UK's consumer confidence fell to its lowest level in 22 years in the immediate aftermath of the Brexit vote, a survey suggests.
A man has been jailed for perverting the course of justice over a fatal hit-and-run which happened 12 years ago.
Clare Brown will not switch disciplines to give herself a better chance of competing at the 2016 Paralympics.
Cardiff Blues extended their winning run in the Pro12 to 12 with a narrow victory over French side Pau.
A 20mph speed limit is to be introduced across most of Edinburgh's streets.
Meet the six female chief executives in the FTSE 100
A Grade II-listed theatre which has stood empty for 20 years is to be auctioned off by the government.
An 82-year-old woman has been killed in a deliberate house fire in Kilmarnock.
Edinburgh will host the 2017 European Champions Cup final, European Rugby has announced.
Tottenham have completed the signing of striker Roberto Soldado from Valencia for a fee of around £26m.
A woman with learning disabilities who has had six children has been given permission to be sterilised.
The National Trust has shortlisted 36 international architects and designers to restore a property destroyed by fire.
A photographic exhibition has been held to mark 50 years since a Victorian railway station in Nottingham closed.
A postcard has arrived in Swansea 29 years after it was sent from Spain.
The number of accidents has not fallen as quickly as expected in 20mph zones in Manchester, a review has found.
A man who escaped from custody 40 years ago has been given a suspended prison sentence for possessing a huge arsenal of guns.
Up to 76 jobs could go at Telford's South Shropshire College as part of a major restructure.
A man who spent 28 years in prison for a murder he did not commit has been freed and exonerated.
More than 50% of businesses in the Leith Walk area were found to be putting their waste in communal bins.
A 93-year-old former actor has changed his mind about assisted suicide after being left in "great discomfort" by a long illness.
A homeless man who lived on the streets for 23 years has been honoured in the New Year's Honours list.
India thrashed Sri Lanka by 237 runs in the second Test in Colombo to complete a series whitewash.
The Lawn Tennis Association plans to invest £250m improving tennis facilities across the UK.
BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game at the 2014 World Cup in Brazil.
The UK music industry generated record revenues in 2016, according to the British Phonographic Industry (BPI).
Two men have died following a crash on the A713 near Maybole.
Boyd Rankin will return to Ireland in 2016 after playing for England in all formats.
The new county cricket schedule for 2017 will see the Championship reduced to 14 matches and the One-Day Cup extended to 16.
Leeds Rhinos are facing a £1m bill to repair their flood-damaged training ground.
At least 10 people have died in a fire at a factory in Bangladesh, officials say.
Peter Simpson has become the first artist to win the John Moores Painting Prize twice, after winning the 30th edition.
People who nap for longer than an hour during the day are more likely to develop type-2 diabetes, a study suggests.
A man has said he drove for more than 18 hours after the Manchester bombing to help people stranded in the city.
Police in west Belfast have found 16 petrol bombs in a street.
Fifteen Scots have made the Great Britain athletics team for the Rio Olympics.
Police in India have found 20 aborted female foetuses in a ditch in the western Indian state of Maharashtra.
A man who made a hoax call to a hospital which led to the evacuation of 27 people has been jailed.
A quarter of the world's food supply passes through narrow sea straits, a new report says.
A portrait of a shopkeeper painted on the door of his Gloucestershire store 85 years ago is to be restored.
Welsh rider Elinor King is considering competing for Wales at the 2018 Commonwealth Games.
Children in Northern Ireland are to benefit from a £5m boost to speed up autism assessments.
A suicide bomber has killed at least 23 people at a football tournament in Iraq, officials say.
Saudi Arabia has unveiled a £500m luxury tourism project along the Red Sea.
A 16th Century Tudor hall has been destroyed by fire.
An Indian court has rejected a request by two Italian marines to visit their families in Italy for Christmas over the Christmas holidays.
Tributes have been pouring in on Twitter about the death of Muhammad Ali, with more than 30 tweets sent within a minute.
A military barracks in Powys is to close by 2024, the Ministry of Defence has announced.
More than 100 skeletons have been discovered in a cemetery in Peterborough.
Featherstone scored six tries to beat Halifax and reach the last eight of the Ladbrokes Challenge Cup.
The inquest into the murder of 10 Protestant workmen by the IRA has been delayed because there is no coroner available.
A Nazi code-cracking machine used by Adolf Hitler in 1940 is to be put on display at Bletchley Park thanks to a 3D-printed motor.
England's Matthew Fitzpatrick carded a 12-under-par round to retain his lead at the halfway stage of the Thailand Open.
Meet the 11-year-old girl who is the youngest chess master in the US.
England manager Roy Hodgson has played down the prospect of recalling West Ham striker Andy Carroll for Euro 2016.
Bob the Builder is getting a new look and a new voice as the children's TV show celebrates 16 years.
Zambia has arrested 83 Chinese nationals for illegal mining, saying they were working without permits.
The oldest remains of Auckland Castle have been found dating back to the 11th Century.
Three contracts worth more than £400,000 have been approved for work on Dundee's waterfront.
Israeli police have shot dead a gunman who killed three people in attacks in Tel Aviv on Friday.
Shares in Paddy Power Betfair rose more than 10% after the bookmaker reported strong full-year results.
Women aged 64 could be offered apprenticeships, the government has said.
A £10m lottery award has been given to a university to restore a historic building which was once the home of the Welsh language.
Notts County have named a full board for the first time in 10 years.
Up to 100 jobs could be at risk because of a delay in the construction of a tidal lagoon project in Swansea Bay.
The UK's biggest free classic car show will not take place in 2015, organisers have said.
The first full trailer for the 2015 James Bond movie Spectre has been released.
A Walkers crisp factory in County Durham is to close with the loss of 378 jobs.
A new inland surfing lagoon has been given a boost with £4m of government funding.
Blink 182 guitarist Tom DeLonge has quit the band, according to his bandmates.
Police are investigating after a security van was robbed of about £50,000 in Glasgow city centre.
Former Wales striker Dean Saunders is predicting his Euro 2016 parking charges will rise to Â£1,000.
Former Wales Under-20 lock Luke Charteris is set to join Bath from French Top 14 club Racing 92.
A £30m housing project to build social rented homes in Scotland has been given the go-ahead after a council pension fund agreed to invest.
A Bangladesh man who was separated from his family for 26 years has been reunited with them after being deported from Pakistan.
More than 50 pedigree puppies were seized by animal welfare charities from two vehicles on the Irish Sea ferry.
One in six of Britain's butterflies could be at risk of extinction within 35 years due to climate change, research suggests.
The NHS 111 non-emergency hotline is at risk of compromising patient safety due to high call volumes, a report has warned.
A man who charged his victims more than £10,000 in interest and fees has been given a suspended jail term.
Antonio Conte has been appointed as Italy coach for Euro 2016.
Coca-Cola has reported a 4% fall in first-quarter profit as it struggles to boost sales in key markets.
Hollywood actor George Clooney has surprised a 92-year-old care home resident by turning up at her birthday party.
More than 100 doctors have signed a letter criticising the government's handling of the NHS.
A previously unknown section of the 16th Century walls of Edinburgh Castle has been uncovered.
Wrexham have appointed former player Dean Keates as their new manager after sacking Kevin Wilkin.
The first of thousands of new medical students will not start working as doctors for at least 10 years, the British Medical Association has warned.
The area used to farm opium poppies in Afghanistan has reached its 2015 level for the first time since then, the UN says.
Eastern Libyan forces have reported a death toll of 140 after an attack on an airbase in the west of the country.
More than 700 countries force girls into marriage before they turn 18, a new report says.
The M1 was closed for about 20 minutes to allow a plane to land safely at East Midlands Airport.
US drama Spotlight has won the 2015 New York Film Critics Circle award for best film.
Rajan Mahadevan has been collecting matchbox labels for 20 years.
Northern Ireland's Michael Conlan will make his professional debut in London on 23 April.
New Zealand's oldest pelican has died at the age of 40, Wellington Zoo has said.
One of the greatest ice hockey players of all time, Canadian Gordie Howe, has died at the age of 88.
A US law firm is to create 97 new jobs in Belfast.
A woman who has been selling poppies for more than 75 years has said she will not be doing it this year.
Headingley could host a day-night Test as Yorkshire look to follow in the footsteps of Lord's and Durham.
A plan to build 510 homes on a former airfield in East Yorkshire has been rejected by the government.
Charlton Athletic have reappointed Jose Riga as head coach, three years after his three-month spell at the club.
The US economy grew at its fastest pace in more than two years in the final three months of 2014, according to the latest official figures.
General Motors (GM) has said it will stop selling cars in India from the end of 2017.
Rescuers in New Zealand are trying to save more than 100 pilot whales that have beached themselves at the same location for the second time in two years.
Liam Livingstone has been named in a 15-man England squad for the three-match Twenty20 series against Pakistan.
Eye surgery at a Somerset hospital has been suspended after 31 patients experienced complications.
A coach and lorry have collided on the A34 in Oxfordshire, leaving three people injured.
Two councils have criticised a new traffic scheme on the A27 in West Sussex.
Stormont MLAs have rejected calls to reduce the £60 parking fine to £30.
Elvis Presley's friend and personal assistant Joe Esposito has died at the age of 82.
Hampshire captain James Vince says he is going to the World Twenty20 in India this month to help England win the trophy.
ScotRail is to recruit up to 100 new train drivers as part of a nationwide drive to boost its workforce.
Researchers are to re-interview people who took part in a health study in Aberdeen 50 years ago.
Sara Errani has announced she is retiring from tennis after ending 2014 as world number one.
Formula 1 teams want to scrap the new elimination qualifying system introduced this year.
Southampton have signed Nathan Redmond from Norwich City for a fee believed to be about £6m.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says Harry Kane is "unbuyable" after the striker broke the Premier League goal-scoring record for 2015.
A measles outbreak in south Wales has affected 52 children, Public Health Wales has said.
A decision on the future of Perth's 20th Century concert hall could be made as early as next week.
A 20-year-old man has been found dead in a flat in Inverness and is being treated as a murder.
A reunion is being held to mark 20 years since the closure of Ipswich Airport.
British soldiers spent less than half of World War One at the Western Front, a study of soldiers' diaries has found.
The leader of the Conservative group in the Welsh Assembly has defended his colleague over a row on Twitter about the M4 relief road.
A former youth player has alleged he was abused by a Charlton Athletic scout in the 1980s.
A 15-year-old boy has died after attending a birthday party in south-east London.
South African-born gymnast Nile Wilson is aiming to reach the 2016 Olympics by switching allegiance to his country of birth.