Graffiti art dating back to the 14th Century has been found inside Norfolk churches.
A 10-year-old boy is in hospital in Texas with severe burns after he was set on fire by another boy.
A man has admitted conspiring to import cocaine worth £100m into the UK.
Rihanna and Coldplay are among the musicians to have cancelled gigs in Nice, France, following the attack there on 14 July.
Former Liverpool manager Kenny Dalglish has been awarded the freedom of the city as the 27th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster is commemorated.
Birmingham will host the British Athletics Championships on 25 June.
Leigh Centurions have signed half-back Daniel Mortimer on a three-year contract until the end of 2018.
Somalia has deported more than 100 Kenyans for overstaying their visas, the first such move in more than 20 years.
At least 146 people have been killed across the South Asia region as monsoon rains continue to batter the area.
Tiger Woods has fallen out of the world's top 100 for the first time in 20 years.
Volleyball could be excluded from the 2021 Island Games if Guernsey is successful in its bid to host the event.
Luis Suarez will play in a charity match against a team managed by ex-Chelsea and England captain Frank Lampard on 20 August.
At least 27 people have been killed in a train derailment in northern Burma, the information ministry says.
Facebook must stop tracking Belgian web users without their consent from 3 October, a court has ruled.
South Africa's Western Cape region has declared a drought disaster affecting more than 300,000 people.
Shares in commodities trader Glencore have fallen 30% on Monday, contributing to a fall in London's stock market.
The M1 will be closed at its junction with the A5 in Northamptonshire for two weekends in August.
A girl who suffered brain damage after being left untreated by NHS staff is to receive £10m in damages.
England manager Roy Hodgson wants Harry Kane to join the Under-21s for the European Championships this summer.
Former England batsman Rob Key has announced his retirement after a 19-year career.
A drug dealer who murdered a teenager in Gloucester has been jailed for at least 25 years.
The Pope has called for justice for the victims of the bombing of a Jewish centre in Buenos Aires 20 years ago.
Five-time Olympic champion Michael Phelps says he will retire after the Tokyo Olympics in 2020.
A 23-month-old boy has been blinded after a drone crashed into his face.
Guns N' Roses are to headline the Glastonbury Festival in 2017, according to a new tour announcement.
Wales women drew with Austria in their final Euro 2017 qualifier at Rodney Parade.
The first film in Peter Jackson's Hobbit trilogy is to premiere in Wellington, New Zealand - 11 years after the first Lord of the Rings film.
The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1 is the UK's number one film at the box office.
Police have re-opened an investigation into the murder of a west Belfast man 15 years ago.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) is to move 31 jobs in the UK to India.
Honduran authorities have suspended eight consuls in the US for allegedly issuing false identity papers to Honduran migrants.
India's new government will present its first full-year budget on 7 July, the finance ministry said.
Average car insurance premiums could reach a record high in 2018, according to a comparison site.
A man has been found not guilty of killing a 14-month-old baby by allowing his dog to attack her.
Los Angeles has voted to bid to host the 2024 Summer Olympics.
The founder of Wales' first children's hospice has died at the age of 73.
A new £10m super laundry has been officially opened in North Lanarkshire as part of a major expansion by a Fife-based company.
A theme park will reopen on 13 May following the death of a schoolgirl who fell from a water ride.
The final words spoken by the pilot of missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 were not "all right, good night", Malaysian authorities have said.
The 2017 Ulster Senior Football Championship (SFC) draw has been made.
A Sheffield steel firm has won contracts worth £30m to supply parts for the US Navy.
An 81-year-old British pensioner has become the oldest person to reach the South Pole.
The number of people living with cancer in Scotland has reached a record high for the first time in 10 years.
A man who sexually abused four girls over a period of more than 40 years has been jailed for three years.
British male artist Sam Smith has scored his second UK number one album - the first by a British male artist in 21 years.
Former Glamorgan coach Jeff Derrick has died at the age of 54 after a battle with cancer.
Walsall earned their first league clean sheet of the season as they beat Peterborough at Bescot Stadium.
Premier League giants will be in action in the fifth round of the FA Cup this weekend.
The number of stray dogs put to sleep by Northern Ireland councils has fallen by 30% in the past year.
A Polish woman was murdered 12 years ago and her body hidden in a garden, a court has heard.
A dog that had been missing for 12 days has been rescued from a gorge in the Highlands.
Two women who claimed more than £1m in benefits after their friend died have been given suspended prison sentences.
A man who has been jailed 11 times for breaching an Asbo has been told he could spend the rest of his life in prison.
India has agreed to buy 36 Rafale F3 fighter jets from France.
Classic film Chariots of Fire is to be screened in cinemas across the UK during the London 2012 Olympics.
Shares in Yahoo jumped more than 10% after reports that Microsoft is considering making a bid to buy the company.
A plane crash in Cuba has killed 68 people, the country's civil aviation authority says.
Fast and Furious 6 has topped the UK box office in its opening weekend, beating Baz Luhrmann's The Great Gatsby to the top spot.
More than 20 Chinese vessels, including some believed to be armed, have sailed near islands claimed by Japan, Japanese officials say.
Chinese police say five people were killed in a car attack in the Xinjiang capital Urumqi on Thursday.
Taylor Swift has been accused of failing to properly credit artwork used to promote her 1989 album.
Sussex and England fast bowler Matthew Hobden has died at the age of 20.
The barcode is 60 years old, but its inventor says the QR code is not a threat to the familiar black-and-white stripes.
A British Formula 1 racing driver who lost his legs in a crash is now out of hospital.
A leading economic research institute is to be expanded following a £1m investment.
Ulster will have key players Craig Henderson and Roger McCloskey available for their Pro12 game against Cardiff Blues on Saturday.
A housing association has been forced to apply for planning permission to be able to move 55 homes built in the wrong place.
Producers of the new Harry Potter play have turned away about 0.01% of people who have bought tickets from touts.
British sailing gold medallist Hannah Mills says she may quit after the 2016 Olympics.
A tea cup used by Jeremy Corbyn has raised £51 for charity after the Labour leader left it on a table at a rally.
The pledges on transport fares being made by the 2016 mayoral candidates in London are worth examining.
Graham Allen, who has been the MP for Nottingham North for 30 years, has announced he will step down at the general election.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher on Wednesday, helped by a rebound in commodity stocks.
A blind veteran is aiming to compete in the 2012 London Olympics.
Haiti is to recruit a regular army for the first time in 20 years, the Ministry of Defence has announced.
A 15-year-old boy has been jailed for eight years for stabbing a man in the head in a "brutal" attack.
Great Britain won seven medals at the 2015 World Athletics Championships in Beijing.
A charity has criticised a work experience placement for schoolchildren who want to study medicine which costs £1,000.
Former Sri Lanka fast bowler Chaminda Vaas has joined up with Ireland to assist them with their World Twenty20 preparations.
Liberia has confirmed its first case of Ebola since the country was declared free of the disease 17 months ago.
A former Dorset scout leader has been jailed for 12 years for sexually abusing boys over a 41-year period.
A World War Two veteran who survived the Burma-Thailand railway has died at the age of 101.
Italian historians have identified 20 people they say are descended from Leonardo da Vinci.
More than 160 soldiers have been injured during live firing exercises at an Army training camp in Northumberland over the past three years.
A son who stabbed his father 26 times has been jailed for life.
David Florence won the C2 canoe slalom world title at the Rio Olympics test event in Brazil.
A multi-academy trust which runs 15 schools has been criticised by Ofsted for its "inadequate" leadership.
Former Formula 1 driver Sir Stirling Moss has been taken to hospital in London with pneumonia at the age of 87.
Lancashire Police has been told it needs to save a further £17m from its budget.
A 14-year-old girl has helped deliver her baby brother in North Carolina, US.
The arts and culture magazine show Saturday Review will remain on BBC Radio 4, the station's controller has confirmed.
The 88th Academy Awards suffered an 8.8% decline in US television viewers compared to last year.
Wales could make it more difficult for themselves to reach the 2019 World Cup by losing their next two games, says former Wales wing Shane Williams.
President Donald Trump has been holding a fundraiser at his Washington hotel for his 2020 presidential election campaign.
James Vince's 52 not out helped Hampshire take control of their Championship match against Sussex at Hove.
Great Britain's James Guy finished second in the men's 400m freestyle at the World Championships in Russia.
Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) has unveiled the world's first 15-digit address of an exascale computer.
Polling stations have opened across Scotland for the 2015 general election.
Plans to turn Swansea's Kingsway into a pedestrianised area have been met with mixed reactions.
A scientist who bequeathed £1m in offshore bank accounts to a scientific charity did not know the difference between the UK and British Isles, a judge has ruled.
The death toll from an outbreak of Ebola in Guinea has risen to 78, the country's health ministry says.
More than 60 beaches in Scotland meet new European Union water quality standards, the Scottish Environment Protection Agency has said.
At least 19 people have died in China from hornet attacks this summer, according to local authorities.
Two Italian teams could be expelled from the Pro12 if they fail to pay debts totalling more than £1m.
One man has died and another is in a critical condition after a crash involving four lorries and four cars on the M4 motorway.
More than 356 councils in England and Wales have used bailiffs to collect unpaid debts, according to research.
Britain's Richard Kilty has decided not to compete at the World Indoor Championships in the 60m.
A man has denied raping a 12-year-old girl in a park in Bristol as a sex abuse trial involving six other men continues.
The Scottish government was "blamed by everyone" for the collapse of a £10bn investment deal with China, the first minister has claimed.
Healthy people carry about 400 genetic mutations in their DNA, a study of the human genome has found.
The Fitzroy River in the Australian city of Rockhampton has reached its highest level in 30 years.
A woman who murdered a man by stabbing him in the neck has been jailed for 25 years.
Australian of the Year 2009 Adam Goodes has been given strong support from the AFL and the community after his decision to take time off from football.
A family forced to live in temporary accommodation for 14 months after a sinkhole opened up in their road have returned home.
Five people have died on Northern Ireland's roads in just 72 hours, prompting calls for drivers to take extra care.
Gloucestershire Police is to close 13 police stations and merge some front desks as part of a shake-up of the force.
Plans to create 31 new pitches for Gypsy and traveller families in Solihull have been approved.
About 155 homes in Wales remain without gas following a water leak which has left thousands without power.
Two women AMs, Gwenda Thomas and Edwina Hart, are to stand down at the next election in 2016.
The Scottish private sector's recovery slowed in the final months of 2015, according to a survey and analysis by a Glasgow university.
More than 13% of shops in London have sold knives to underage test buyers, a Trading Standards investigation has found.
DJ and producer Robert Miles has died at the age of 48 after a battle with cancer.
At least 11 people have died when a building under construction collapsed in the southern Indian city of Chennai, officials say.
The most popular baby names in Northern Ireland in 2014 have been revealed.
A 14-year-old girl found hanged at her home was not bullied, a coroner has ruled.
Canterbury Cathedral has raised more than £25m for its restoration.
The number of people starting businesses in Wales has fallen over the last five years, according to new figures.
More than 20 girls were sent home for wearing skirts that were "too short" on the first day of term.
The 27-year-old stuntwoman, Jessie Graff, has died after a motorcycle stunt went wrong on the set of Deadpool 2.
At least 29 people are now known to have been killed in a suicide attack in northern Afghanistan, officials say.
At least 71 people have died in a coach crash in Ghana, officials say.
Graeme Warren has found a new swing for 2016 - in a training aid in a golf shop.
The Irish government is to sell off up to 15% of its stake in Allied Irish Banks (AIB) later this year.
Ariana Grande has cancelled the remaining dates of her world tour following the suicide bombing at Manchester Arena which killed 22 people.
Personal details of people living on land earmarked for the HS2 high-speed rail line have been lost in a data breach.
Glasgow will host some games at Euro 2020, with Hampden Park chosen to stage three group matches.
Tributes have been paid to former Irish minister Peter Barry who has died at the age of 88.
The former Philippine Senator Miriam Defensor Santiago has died at the age of 92.
Southeastern trains were disrupted for more than 90 minutes after a power cut hit the network.
The number of people who were victims of identity fraud in the UK last year rose by 57%, a report suggests.
Miles Jupp is to take over from Sandi Toksvig as the host of BBC Radio 4's News Quiz.
The number of dangerous offenders committing serious crimes while on probation has reached its highest level for more than 10 years.
The polls have closed at 22:00 for the Northern Ireland Assembly election.
A Hampshire council has approved plans to save £1m by closing two day centres and a residential home for elderly people.
A music company has restored 10 previously lost Bob Marley concerts after finding them in a skip.
India's parliament has offered a glass of fruit juice to anti-corruption campaigner Anna Hazare, who has been on hunger strike for 12 days.
A black hole at the centre of a galaxy has stopped eating, according to a new study.
Janitors in Glasgow are set to stage a further strike on 2 May in their dispute over payments for extra duties.
British soul singer Alistair Diamond has died at the age of 60.
Scotland has had its wettest winter on record in three months, according to the Met Office.
A black cab driver who admitted attacking two women in his taxi has been jailed for 10 years.
Rory McIlroy won the Deutsche Bank Championship with a final-round 65 to move back to the top of the PGA Tour's FedEx Cup standings.
Alastair Cook has resigned as England's Test captain after five years in the role.
The last Crow Indian war chief, Joe Medicine Crow, has died at the age of 91.
Manchester United have signed England left-back Luke Shaw from Southampton for £27m, subject to a work permit.
The last known British survivor of the atomic bomb attacks on Japan has died at the age of 97.
A new system for registering to vote in Great Britain will be introduced in 2015, the government has announced.
The chief executive of 7-Eleven Australia has resigned after just 18 months in the job amid a scandal over underpayment of staff.
Paul Simon is to be honoured with a special award at the BBC Folk Awards.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed at a new record high, helped by a better than expected services sector survey.
A Christmas carol service attended by more than 20 dogs has been held in Dorset.
The number of people requiring care for dementia could triple to 277 million by 2050, a report says.
The Africa Cup of Nations will be expanded to 24 teams in 2019, the Confederation of African Football has announced.
The European Commission has asked the UK to examine Three's plan to buy O2, saying it could hit competition in the UK.
A Nottinghamshire man has been charged £160 for visiting his wife's grave.
Florida's governor has taken away 21 murder cases from a prosecutor who says she will not seek the death penalty.
A new Welsh tax collection body will start operating in 2018, the finance minister has announced.
The US will buy heavy water from Iran for the next 180 months, the US government has announced.
An 18-year-old student has been found dead in a Wigan park.
Mountain biking will be included at the 2017 Island Games despite initial concerns it would not feature at the event.
Valentine's Day is on 14 February.
A 30-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of holding a woman and children hostage at a house in Greater Manchester.
A teenager who stabbed a 20-year-old man in a street attack has been jailed.
About 50 staff have lost their homes in a fire at a Walkabout bar in Manchester.
Scotland striker Craig Watt is determined to force his way into Gordon Strachan's thinking for the 2018 World Cup.
Sport climbing could be included at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics, with the International Olympic Committee set to give the sport provisional recognition.
Ten police officers are to be investigated over their handling of child sexual exploitation in Rotherham.
McLaren are struggling in Formula 1 but team boss Ron Dennis says he is not surprised by their poor start to the season.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone has said the new elimination-style qualifying system will not be ready for the start of the season.
Liverpool have agreed to sign Hoffenheim striker Roberto Firmino for £29m.
A Harris Tweed manufacturer is to create 20 new jobs as part of a major expansion of its operations.
Polls have opened in the Republic of Ireland for the 2016 general election.
Spam levels have fallen to their lowest for more than 10 years, according to security firm Symantec.
Salford Red Devils are unhappy with the Rugby Football League's decision not to punish Huddersfield Giants hooker Greg Caton-Brown for a knee injury.
Windows 10 users will no longer be able to disable the Windows Store, Microsoft has confirmed.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens was the big winner at the MTV Movie Awards 86 on Sunday.
A man has been charged in connection with the shooting of a man during a police stop on the M62.
A 16-day campaign to end violence against women and girls has been launched by the United Nations.
A man cleared of rape in 2016 has lost his legal bid to overturn a restriction order imposed by police.
Two people have been killed and more than 100 injured after a train derailed in Pennsylvania, Amtrak has said.
China will close its legal ivory trade by the end of 2017, the government has announced.
A woman has denied murdering an 86-year-old woman in Fife by hitting her over the head with a rolling pin.
Two 15-year-olds have been charged with the murders of a mother and her daughter in Lincolnshire.
Woking earned a first away win in 10 matches as Eastleigh finished with 10 men.
A 15-year-old boy has appeared in court accused of raping a 14-year-old girl in a park.
Katie Danczuk has said she will stand for Parliament at the general election on 8 June.
The co-creator of The Simpsons, Sam Simon, has died at the age of 59.
Coldplay have announced their new album A Head Full of Dreams will be released in December 2015.
The trial of Irish citizen Ibrahim Halawa has been postponed for the 18th time, his family have said.
A 31-year-old man has been arrested after police raided a house in Bo'ness and found cannabis plants.
Paul Hollywood has said he is "excited" about his baking show moving to Channel 4.
Aneurin Donald says Glamorgan are in good shape to reach the T20 Blast quarter-finals after beating Somerset.
The final flight of the last British Aerospace 748 Trislander, G-Joey 747, has landed in Guernsey.
A man who is challenging a Sexual Risk Order (SRO) says he has been left homeless and unable to claim benefits.
More than 50 firefighters have tackled a major blaze at a timber recycling plant in Newry.
A man charged with the 1998 murder of a County Armagh man has been released on continuing bail.
More than 200 people in the South West of England have now contracted a diarrhoea bug, Public Health England has said.
Chinese authorities have detained 18 people, including Australians, suspected of gambling crimes, local media report.
Thailand has transferred around 50 police officers to the southern border with Malaysia to tackle human trafficking.
At least 14 people have been killed by Typhoon Soudelor in China's south-eastern provinces.
A Welsh university has said more than 100 European students have withdrawn following the Brexit vote.
The home of Sir Walter Scott is to be the setting for a foraging expedition to highlight the 18th Century author's interest in the subject.
Michael Dunlop won both Supersport races at the Cookstown 100, with Derek Sheils taking the Open victory.
Nine-times world champion Valentino Rossi won his first MotoGP race in 15 months to end Honda's perfect start to the season.
A man who was blinded for 10 years by pepper spray during a "brutal" attack has been given a life sentence.
A new film based on the 1941 shipwreck of the SS Politorean is to be released in cinemas next month.
A high-speed rail link between Leeds and Manchester should stop in Bradford and York, a report has urged.
Wales women's Euro 2017 qualifying campaign stalled as they drew their match against Israel in Group Eight.
A remote Scottish island has received more than £3m to install renewable energy systems.
The founder of the independent state of Sealand, which he ruled as "Prince", has died at the age of 92.
The health minister has said she will ensure that the focus returns to learning disability services in Northern Ireland after £8m was underfunded.
A lost chapel built by Richard III more than 500 years ago has been found, archaeologists believe.
Aldershot and York ended the National League game with 10 men apiece after a goalless draw at the EBB Stadium.
Hector Cuper has been named as coach of Algeria for their 2018 World Cup qualifier against Togo on Saturday.
A wedding dress sent to be dry cleaned in 2014 has been found after it went missing.
Laura Muir will lead the British team at the European Cross Country Championships in Sardinia on Sunday.
A new steel processing factory in Caerphilly will create 30 new jobs, the Welsh Government has announced.
West Ham striker Andy Carroll could return to action in the game against Newcastle on 3 January.
Hampshire fast bowler Fidel Edwards has signed to return to the county for the 2017 season.
The BBC is bringing you comprehensive coverage of the 2016 Ryder Cup on TV, radio and online.
The actor who voiced the Star Wars character Boba Fett in The Empire Strikes Back has died aged 81.
The driver of a tour bus that crashed in Taiwan, killing 26 people, has been charged with murder.
Essex extended their lead to 47 after bowling out Leicestershire for 243 in their County Championship match at Grace Road.
A former GP in Shropshire is in his 80s and is being investigated for historical sex abuse allegations.
Harlequins' sevens team have signed American former college football player Psalm Wooching for the World Club 10s tournament.
A toddler who fell from a third-floor window in Minneapolis is expected to survive, despite breaking both arms.
McLaren Formula 1 team chief executive Jost Capito is leaving the company.
A 15-year-old boy says he spends a quarter of an hour editing his profile pictures because he is so obsessed with his appearance.
The number of new cars registered in the UK last year was the highest level since 2006, according to the industry.
German regional league sides are set to play Chinese Under-17 teams in a bid to boost the country's relationship with the Far East.
Germany's economy accounted for more than 7% of the whole of the European Union in 2012 - the highest level since 1995.
A mother has admitted killing her 18-month-old daughter but claimed she was "unwell" and thought she might die.
Yorkshire fell 91 runs behind Division One leaders Nottinghamshire on day one of their match at Trent Bridge.
At least 32 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack on a market in northern Iraq, officials say.
The family of US comedian Joan Rivers has settled a lawsuit with a New York clinic over her death at the age of 81.
At least 34 people have been killed in an attack by Islamic State militants on the Iraqi city of Tikrit, officials say.
People born in the first half of the 20th Century are reaching their 100th year and living longer with better mental function, a study suggests.
Police in Dundee are searching for a 73-year-old man who has gone missing from his home.
Sickness absence among ambulance staff in Wales has fallen for the second year in a row to just below 7%.
A hacker who stole the personal information of 1,351 US military personnel and other federal employees and passed it to the Islamic State group has pleaded guilty to terrorism charges.
The death toll after landslides in Hiroshima has risen to 50, Japanese officials say.
No valid drugs tests have been carried out on players in Spain's La Liga for almost 12 months, says the World Anti-Doping Agency.
Edinburgh head coach Alan Solomons says his side have closed the gap on Glasgow Warriors in the Pro12.
A hospital trust has revealed 20 patients were lost from follow-up after treatment for cancer.
Morecambe midfielder Kevin Murphy, 31, has been released after suffering two serious knee injuries.
At least 19 people have died in a military helicopter crash in Russia, the defence ministry says.
More than 200 workers from steel plants across the UK are taking part in a protest in Brussels.
Poet John Agard has been awarded the Queen's Gold Medal for Poetry 2015.
Tributes have been paid to astrologer Jonathan Cainer, who has died at the age of 60.
Spanish rider Victor Maeso is in the final stages of his preparations for the North West 200.
A new DNA test is being used in an attempt to identify the victim of an unsolved murder 87 years ago.
A man who was shot in the chest in an east London nightclub 13 years ago has died.
The number of births in Scotland reached its highest level for six years in 2014, according to new figures.
A 19th Century hospital has been destroyed by fire.
Gareth Southgate has been ruled out of the race to become the next England manager, the Football Association has confirmed.
A charity is calling for a 0.5% cap on early exit charges for pensions.
45 Years led the nominations at the 2016 Evening Standard British Film Awards.
Two men have been found guilty of being part of a child sexual exploitation ring which targeted girls as young as 13.
India and Pakistan have agreed to hold formal talks for the first time in 18 years.
Archaeologists have discovered tram tracks buried under a Nottingham road for more than 100 years.
A decision to approve a wind farm that could create up to 50 jobs has been taken by the environment minister.
Scotland has joined the race to host the 2022 Commonwealth Games.
A whistleblower who worked for the 111 service has claimed it is understaffed and poorly managed.
North Korea's leader, Kim Jong-un, has executed 15 senior officials in the first four months of the year, South Korea says.
Manny Pacquiao will fight Mexican Jessie Vargas on 5 November in his comeback after a brief retirement, says the Filipino boxer's manager.
At least 10 people have died in flash floods in Mauritius, the authorities say.
Olympic champion Nicola Adams will face a fellow unbeaten boxer in the women's flyweight quarter-finals at the 2016 Rio Games.
About 120 cars have gone missing after being left at an unapproved parking site near Gatwick Airport.
Bangladesh defeated Ireland by 18 runs in their final warm-up match before the Women's World Twenty tournament.
A man has been charged with the murder of a 20-year-old woman whose body was found in a shallow grave.
A homeless family with eight children has been accused of being "fussy" over housing.
Hillary Clinton has extended her lead over Bernie Sanders by about 400 delegates in the race for the Democratic nomination.
An ambulance service which failed to meet response times is recruiting more than 400 paramedics.
A band which played a part in World War One is marking its 100th anniversary.
An Indian man has been released by Pakistan after 30 years in jail.
The Police Ombudsman is to investigate claims that police failed to act on intelligence about a man who later killed 10 people in a Belfast bombing.
Brendon McCullum's final Test innings was a six as New Zealand slipped to 121-4 against Australia in Christchurch.
The Bosnian Serb entity has declared 9 January a public holiday, despite a court ruling that the date discriminated against Muslims and Catholics.
A seven-year-old boy who is at risk of dying from a tumour in his face should be given life-saving surgery, a High Court judge has ruled.
Gunmen have kidnapped at least 30 Afghan men on a bus in southern Afghanistan, officials say.
A group of scientists has called for the 2016 Rio Olympics to be postponed or moved because of the Zika virus.
About 35 cars have been destroyed in a fire at a former car auction site in Leicester.
The number of primary schools in Medway, Kent, rated good or outstanding has risen to nine.
Hundreds of people have protested in the Rwandan capital, Kigali, over the arrest of a senior military officer indicted over crimes committed during the Rwandan genocide in 1994
California has dropped plans to cut the use of petrol and diesel in cars by 50% in the next 15 years.
Ryanair is to launch 16 new routes from Scottish airports next year.
Two French pilots sentenced to 10 years in jail for drug trafficking have returned to France after escaping from house arrest in the Dominican Republic.
Women who have their tonsils and appendix removed have a 20% increase in fertility, a study suggests.
Cardiff council is to set up a City Deal worth £1bn to boost the local economy.
A 60-year-old man is facing a court order to inform the police of any planned sexual activity.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower, with shares in Sky falling despite it reporting a rise in profits.
US airline Delta is in talks with Canadian plane maker Bombardier to purchase up to 100 CSeries aircraft.
Merseyrail drivers have begun a 24-hour strike in a dispute over the introduction of driver-only-operated trains.
2017 is to be celebrated as the Year of Legends for tourism in Wales.
The world's oldest person, a Japanese woman, has died at the age of 117, her family says.
Yorkshire have signed New Zealand captain Kane Williamson as their overseas player for the second half of the 2016 season.
More than 120 forest fires are burning in northern Spain, with some threatening ancient forests and rare wildlife.
Welsh climate change campaigners are attending the crucial COP21 meeting in Paris.
Super car maker McLaren Automotive is creating 250 new jobs to meet increased demand for its supercars.
Leinster ran in eight tries in their comfortable European Champions Cup victory over Italian side Zebre at the RDS Arena.
Shipbuilder Ferguson Marine is to receive £1m from the Scottish government to help create jobs and boost investment.
Cardiff Blues head coach Danny Wilson says his side's character was key to their win over Edinburgh with 14 men.
Formula 1 has signed a deal with Snapchat to bring the sport to the messaging app's 200 million daily users.
Glasgow Warriors have signed New Zealand-born 29-year-old wing Sean Maitland on a three-year contract.
Italian ice dancer Vanessa Vandelli has been forced to pull out of Channel 4's The Jump because of an ankle injury.
Lionel Messi has fulfilled a boy's World Cup dream by meeting the six-year-old who asked him for a shirt.
At least 13 people have been shot in Chicago during a vigil for a murder victim, police say.
A father has criticised Facebook's "Year in Review" feature after it highlighted images of his deceased daughter from 2014.
Worcestershire need 279 runs to win after being reduced to a follow-on against Derbyshire in the County Championship.
Austrian police have arrested two men suspected of helping the gunmen who carried out deadly attacks in Paris on 13 November 2015.
The 14-year-old cellist Lauren van der Heijden has won the BBC Young Musician of the Year competition.
Welsh artist Turner Prize nominee Bedwyr Williams has won the 9th Artes Mundi prize.
Renault have retained Briton Jolyon Palmer as their driver for the 2017 Formula 1 season.
The trial of an Irish man arrested in Egypt in 2013 has been further delayed.
A company exploring for lithium in Cornwall has secured £1m of investment to look for the metal in the county.
A reinvestigation has been ordered into the murder of a woman whose body was found in Lanarkshire 12 years ago.
Haas have launched their 2017 Formula 1 car, the VF17, at their US base in North Carolina.
The Scottish government has launched a tender process to find contractors to design the dualling of a section of the A96.
(Close): The FTSE 100 was down in early trading, with mining shares hit by a fall in metals prices.
UK cities have more than 20 times the number of traffic hotspots than their major European rivals, according to new research.
Voice actors in the US have voted in favor of a potential strike by more than 80% of members.
A French impressionist painting by Paul Cezanne valued at £14m is at risk of being exported from the UK.
Members of S Club have revealed they are planning a 2015 Popstars: The Return tour.
The number of cyclists being robbed of their bikes in London has risen by 32% in the past year, according to police.
About 30 countries are meeting in Paris to discuss the situation in Iraq, a day after the Islamic State group took control of a key town.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has pledged to invest £100m in Kent's coastal communities.
Seven people were injured in a chemical incident at a south-west London leisure centre.
The US government obtained data from more than 381 users of the social network Facebook, according to court documents.
Ireland all-rounder Craig O'Brien has been signed to play for Leicestershire in this summer's T20 Blast.
More than 100 people have taken part in a gay pride march in the Ukrainian capital, Kiev, for the first time.
The former boss of BHS has been fined and banned from driving after being caught speeding in his Range Rover at 60mph.
Barnsley have appointed Paul Heckingbottom as their permanent head coach after the League One club finished in the Championship.
The Welsh government is planning to introduce eight councils following the rejection of proposed council mergers.
A Liverpool-based hotel company has bought the former Scottish Mutual headquarters in Belfast and plans to invest £15m in restoring the building.
Shares in Daimler have fallen 6% after the carmaker said it was investigating possible manipulation of emissions tests.
Australia's Senate has elected Pauline Hanson's One Nation party to its ranks following the 2 July election.
Police investigating the disappearance of a two-year-old girl in Germany have released an e-fit image of a man they want to trace.
MP Ann Clwyd will stand down on 5 December, she has confirmed.
A charity has warned that more people are now killed around the coast of Scotland than in cycling accidents over the past 10 years.
The Scottish Cup semi-finals will be played on Saturday, 16 April.
A man who swam the length of the River Severn in 10 days has said he is "completely drained".
Two 17-year-old boys have died in an incident at a beauty spot in Teesside.
The South African government has been forced to halt the deportation of about 200 African migrants being held at a detention centre near Johannesburg.
Scientists in Wales are to receive £16m in funding for research into dementia.
A sea turtle that lost its beak in a boat propeller has been fitted with a prosthetic beak made using a 3D printer.
A man who pretended to be a 15-year-old boy's boyfriend and sexually abused him has been jailed again.
England women's cricket captain Charlotte Edwards will retire from the game at the end of 2017.
A series of events is to be held to mark the 450th anniversary of a murder that inspired Shakespeare's Hamlet.
The International Tennis Federation has chosen Geneva as the location for a new combined Davis Cup and Fed Cup finals.
A police officer who was shot dead by an IRA sniper 25 years ago has been remembered at a memorial service.
Clara Amfo is to take over the Official Chart Show on BBC Radio 1.
The Home Office is to release 30 files related to the Orgreave miners' strike, including one on the clashes between police and pickets.
The UK's oldest Olympic athlete has turned 99.
A driver who was caught doing 140mph on a dual carriageway has been banned from the road.
Plans for a £12m i9 office development in Wolverhampton city centre have been revealed.
About 100 council workers were underpaid in the first pay run of a new payroll system, the county council has admitted.
Red Bull have exercised an option to keep Spaniard Carlos Sainz Jr at their junior team Toro Rosso in 2017.
Two of King John's teeth are to go on display in London as the 800th anniversary of the Magna Carta is celebrated.
At least 10 people have been killed in two explosions at a dog-fighting competition in southern Afghanistan, officials say.
The University of Lincoln has been awarded £10m towards a new health science centre.
Drake's single One Dance has scored a 15th week at number one in the UK singles chart.
Samsung is to re-release its recalled Galaxy Note 7 smartphone in a new, more environmentally friendly version.
Former manager of Frome Town Kevin Bunyard has been found guilty of betting against his own team in 45 matches.
Edinburgh full-back Blair Kinghorn has signed a new deal with the club for another two years.
John Lewis has named its first female managing director, Paula Nickolds, to succeed Andy Street in the top job at the retailer.
The Irish government has pardoned a man who was convicted of murder 75 years ago.
The snooker governing body has launched a formal bid to get the sport included at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
Leicester Riders captain Drew Sullivan has announced his retirement from basketball at the age of 43.
About 200 teachers have taken part in a strike in Powys in protest at plans to change the county's school structure.
Three men have been jailed for sexually abusing boys at a residential school in the 60s.
Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths paid tribute to a 13-year-old boy who died after collapsing on a football pitch.
A 94-year-old Nigerian man who was the world's oldest primary school pupil has died.
Hampshire opener Will Smith scored a second first-class double century as the hosts dominated against Lancashire.
A further 65 jobs are to be cut at the Terex Trucks factory in Motherwell.
An 80-year-old woman has been robbed by a workman who told her he had spotted a leak in her flat.
German doctors have criticised a European Commission proposal to simplify rules on clinical trials, saying it would lead to a further 25% reduction in such tests in Europe.
Colombia's government has asked the United States for an update on an investigation into allegations that up to 20 US soldiers abused young girls in the country.
A 14-year-old girl has managed to get a selfie with Prince William after asking him for one at the Queen's Norfolk estate.
A £2m project to help people with mental health problems take up sport is being launched.
People with a body mass index (BMI) of 30 to 35 now have lower death rates than those of normal weight, Danish universities say.
Shares in rare stamp dealer Stanley Gibbons have fallen 12% after it said it was considering selling the business.
Royal Troon has voted to end its men-only membership policy ahead of the Open Championship, which begins at the course on 14 July.
Gloucestershire narrowly beat Glamorgan by 53 runs in a rain-affected match at Cheltenham.
Scarlets beat 14-man Leinster to move up the Pro12 table and end the Irish province's 100% start to the season.
Sri Lanka have dropped fast bowler Lasith Malinga as captain for the World Twenty20 tournament in India.
A man who admitted killing a man in a pub fight has been jailed for five years.
Great Britain's Elinor Barker says winning gold at the 2016 Rio Olympics is the aim for the women's pursuit team.
At least 47 people have been killed by Typhoon Bopha in the southern Philippines, officials say.
Up to 30 pop-up brothels are operating in Swindon at any one time, police have said.
Newcastle boss Steve McClaren says the club will spend more money in the future after spending £50m in the winter transfer window.
Gary Neville and Ryan Giggs have put on hold plans for a £200m development in Manchester city centre.
A 20-year-old soldier from York has been killed in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has said.
Home Depot has revealed that hackers stole email addresses of more than 53 million customers in a data breach.
The veteran Congolese opposition leader Etienne Tshisekedi has died in Belgium at the age of 84.
At least 14 people have been injured on an Air Canada flight from the Canadian city of Vancouver to Sydney, Australia, after severe turbulence.
Glamorgan have extended South African batsman Jacques Rudolph's contract with the county until the end of the 2016 season.
The chief executive of Northampton Borough Council is to step down after 10 years in the job.
An NHS trust which was rated "inadequate" has secured more than £20m to improve patient care.
(Close): The S&P 500 closed at a record high for the 14th straight session as Wall Street rose on hopes of more US infrastructure spending.
People in Northern Ireland have until 20 April to register to vote in the general election.
The NFL will stage four regular-season games in London in 2017.
Ulster suffered their first Pro12 defeat of the season as Scarlets triumphed in a tight affair at Kingspan Stadium.
A convicted murderer has been awarded £815K in compensation for items lost during a prison transfer.
Amir Khan says he wants to fight Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather Jr again, but only if they fight each other first.
Nottingham's Theatre Royal is celebrating its 150th anniversary of entertaining audiences.
The Ordnance Survey has created a virtual version of Ben Nevis measuring 1,345m for a virtual reality treasure hunt game.
Scotland's most successful badminton player Imogen Bankier has announced her retirement from the sport at the age of 25.
Ireland suffered a 255-run defeat by Pakistan in the first of their three one-day internationals in Pretoria.
The number of police officers in Wales has fallen by 10% since the Conservatives came to power, Plaid Cymru has claimed.
The collapse of a £100m investment deal with China will not have a long-term impact, international business experts have told MSPs.
Middlesex need four runs to secure the Division Two title after rain ruined the third day of their match against Lancashire.
Some 60% of Volkswagen diesel car owners believe their vehicles are more environmentally friendly than they actually are, a survey suggests.
A railway station in east London has reopened for the first time in more than 30 years.
Daniel Jervis set a personal best to win the 50m freestyle at the British Swimming Championships.
About 20 people were treated by paramedics after a suspected chemical attack at a college.
Girls around the world start doing more housework than boys at the age of 10, according to a new report from the UN children's agency.
A BBC radio presenter and his wife have been charged with 13 historical sex offences.
A 49-year-old man has appeared in court in the Republic of Ireland charged with the murder of a Northern Ireland prison officer.
Calderdale Council is to allocate an additional £1m to its flood recovery fund.
Cardigan Castle has reopened after a £10m restoration.
Pakistan beat Scotland by 96 runs in their first one-day international match in seven years.
The number of calls made to police in Wales about missing children has risen by more than 50% in the past year.
A memorial service has been held to mark the 40th anniversary of an RAF Canberra plane crash in Cambridgeshire.
Worcestershire batsman Alex Gidman has been forced to retire from the game at the age of 37 because of a finger injury.
Almost 100% of drug trials for Alzheimer's disease have failed, according to a study.
A man who robbed a 68-year-old man at knifepoint in a "terrifying" attack has been jailed for three years.
About 150 people were forced to leave their homes after a gas leak in south-east London.
A rail workers' union will ballot its members on strike action on Southern rail within 48 hours.
The British artist Phyllida Barlow has been selected to represent Britain at the Venice Biennale in 2017.
The remains of two soldiers killed in action during World War Two have been laid to rest 70 years on.
Twelve historic sites have been added to a national list of buildings in the most serious state of decay.
Zoe Smith successfully defended her Commonwealth Games women's -69kg title in Glasgow.
South African authorities have closed 10 schools in Cape Town's gang-ridden areas after ongoing violence.
A 40-year-old woman who was due to be deported to Zambia has been given a reprieve.
A £50m redevelopment of a Northampton town centre site has been scrapped.
Northern Ireland needs to employ 40 radiologists to meet diagnostic targets, the BBC has learned.
Ireland fly-half Jonathan Sexton and full-back Rob Kearney could return for Leinster's Pro12 match against Ulster on Saturday.
A county council has set out plans to sell off £100m worth of council-owned assets.
A North Sea oil support vessel firm has been rescued with £23m of public and private funding.
A school which planned to let pupils leave early to watch Euro 2016 on TV has changed its mind.
An 86-year-old woman died after hitting her head on a supermarket door, an inquest has ruled.
Newcastle full-back James Hanbury has extended his stay at the club until 2020.
The M8 is to be closed in both directions overnight for the next 10 days for roadworks.
Just 4% of parents took part in a scheme to give them £2 of parenting classes, a Labour Party analysis has found.
A 101-year-old woman is too afraid to return home after being robbed in Tottenham.
Fast food giant McDonald's has extended its sponsorship deal with the International Olympic Committee until 2020.
A tattoo artist who filmed himself sexually assaulting two women and spying on others in the bathroom has been jailed for 32 months.
More than 20 people have been injured when an Airbus plane encountered severe turbulence over the South China Sea, the airline says.
A steel company which had been in administration for three years has gone into administration again with the loss of 101 jobs.
Scotland's tour of Hong Kong ended in a 10-over defeat in their final T20 match.
A 14-year-old boy has been jailed for raping two girls.
Snap Inc, the company behind the popular messaging app Snapchat, has set its shares to be priced at $17 for its market debut.
Up to 1,000 patients may have been omitted from hospital waiting lists in Northern Lincolnshire, the NHS has said.
A book that has been overdue at a library in County Meath for 80 years has been returned.
Russia has condemned the US decision to send 90 troops to Ukraine for military training.
About 50 people have gathered to sing carols to try to save an oak tree from a felling machine in Sheffield.
A woman was trapped under a double-decker bus in west London which crashed and injured 16 people.
Storm Abigail has caused disruption to air travel with more than 30 flights cancelled at Dublin airport.
India and Bangladesh have signed a deal to end a border dispute that has lasted more than 100 years.
Ulster have confirmed that South African flanker Arno Botha will not be joining the province before 31 July.
The Indian billionaire Anil Agarwal is to buy a £1bn stake in Anglo American, the world's second-largest mining company.
Libyan officials say they have uncovered 19 bodies in Tripoli believed to be victims of the conflict.
A historic mansion in South Yorkshire which has been in the same family for 250 years has been put up for sale for £20m.
Ofcom will not allow O2 and Three to merge, the telecoms regulator has said.
The cast of BBC comedy Goodness Gracious Me is to reunite for a special episode to mark its 20th anniversary.
An Oxfordshire town has celebrated the Queen's 90th birthday with a bun-throwing event.
The NHS needs another £2bn to balance its books, according to a think-tank.
Africa is on the cusp of a major public health milestone - two years without a case of polio.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone has reached agreement with the sport's governing body on a new deal.
Kenyan Mary Keitany became the first woman to win the New York City marathon three times in a row.
Menzies Aviation has agreed a deal to buy US ground handling and fuelling company Asig for $202m.
Gold seized from smugglers worth more than £1m is to be auctioned off.
The Scottish government has said it is committed to supporting the country's field sports sector ahead of the start of the grouse shooting season on 12 August.
The personal details of 17 million O2 customers have been put up for sale on the dark web, the BBC has learned.
A family with 13 children is launching a new Cancer Research UK Race for Life event.
Tunisia's media landscape has changed dramatically since the revolution of 2011.
Police Scotland has confirmed 59 police stations in Scotland are to close their public counters.
Olympic gymnast and Strictly Come Dancing winner Loukana Smith has won the 2013 Christmas special.
A steel tube manufacturer has been saved from administration, with the loss of just 333 jobs.
A conman who pretended to be a Mercedes executive has been jailed for a £250,000 fraud.
Team bosses have broadly welcomed the sale of Formula 1 to Liberty Media.
Marie-Ange Koutou has seen 20 years of conflict in the Central African Republic.
A man has appeared in court charged with murdering a 24-year-old primary school teacher.
Wayne Rooney is playing himself into a position to break Pete Shilton's England caps record, says the former goalkeeper.
A letter in a bottle that was dropped in Sweden 22 years ago has washed up in Panama.
A man has died after being struck by a car on the A737 in North Ayrshire.
Glamorgan fast bowler Liam Donald says he is not worried about security in Bangladesh ahead of the Under-19 World Cup.
Chinese tech firm Lenovo has reported a 23% increase in profit for the second quarter, as it expands into mobile devices.
Southampton won at Manchester United for the first time in 20 games as they continued their push for a top-four finish.
A wedding venue which closed with less than 24 hours' notice has cancelled 28 weddings.
President Donald Trump has thanked President Vladimir Putin for reducing the number of Russian diplomatic staff in the US by 755.
A man who grabbed a 15-year-old girl in a "disturbing" attack in a Rochdale park has been described by police as "very distinctive".
Derby County have re-signed 58-year-old John Peacock as their first-team coach.
The use of public transport in Scotland has fallen since 2006, according to the Scottish government's latest transport strategy.
A memorial to a 20th Century explosion that killed more than 100 people has been given listed status.
The founder of image board 4chan has joined Google.
London's schools would need to cut 23% of their budget to compensate for government funding changes, a report has said.
Nico Rosberg's victory in the European Grand Prix has been stripped by a 10-second penalty.
Microsoft has announced that Windows 10 will be available as a free upgrade for owners of Windows 7 and 8 PCs.
Austria is to introduce a total ban on smoking in enclosed public spaces from 2018.
University applications in the UK have fallen for the first time in five years, according to the admissions service Ucas.
A Roman burial made in the 2nd Century AD has been uncovered in a field in Hertfordshire.
A search is continuing for a missing doctor who is a junior A&E doctor at Torbay Hospital.
The number of new homes being built in the UK fell in the final quarter of 2014, official figures show.
Nigel Farage missed BBC's Question Time after getting stuck in traffic on the A1.
Nicole Kidman says she is still making "bold" choices like she did at the start of her 28-year film industry career.
More than 100 people have been injured when a train crashed through a barrier at a station in New York, officials say.
The voting age in Britain should be lowered to 16, a think tank has said.
The British backpacker murdered in Australia in 2001 has been re-enacting her ordeal for a TV special.
The Liberal Democrats have been wiped out on Liverpool City Council for the first time in 50 years.
Australia's share market ended more than 20% higher at the close of trading on Monday.
The two boys of a passenger on missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 have been awarded custody of their father's estate.
A 90-year-old World War Two veteran has been awarded a new medal for his service.
Data on millions of employees, allegedly exposed in 2016, has been dumped online, a security professional says.
Former Birmingham City manager and Manchester United player Alan Goodwin has died at the age of 82.
The US musician and TV presenter Arthur Smith has died at his home in North Carolina aged 93.
A police force recruiting a chief constable has been accused of using "ploddledegook" in its job advert.
A woman has told how she found a 4ft snake in a kitchen drawer in her flat.
Two soldiers from the 1st Battalion Irish Guards have died in an explosion in Afghanistan, the MoD has said.
A cat that travelled about 100 miles inside a van has been rescued after the vehicle broke down.
(Close): Media stocks fell on Monday, with Time Warner and Walt Disney shares dropping more than 7%.
Tomas Borge Martinez, a key figure in Nicaragua's Sandinista revolution, has died aged 82.
A road and two bridges have been revealed after 63 years under a Scottish loch.
A bus carrying 26 primary school children was left stranded in flood water on a country lane in North Yorkshire.
Three-time world champion Lewis Hamilton will not face action for filming himself on Snapchat while driving a motorbike on the road.
England have included defender and captain Kate Richardson-Walsh in their squad for the 2018 World Cup in London despite her being pregnant.
The mother of a woman who disappeared 22 years ago has said she is "hopeful" after three men were arrested on suspicion of murder.
A woman who claimed her dead mother was alive for 22 years to defraud pension schemes has been told she will be sentenced next month.
Plans to tackle a hairpin bend and steep hill on the A9 have been published by Transport Scotland.
The Brazilian Senate has approved a controversial constitutional amendment that caps public spending for the next two decades.
West Brom have rejected a £15m bid from Tottenham Hotspur for striker Saido Berahino.
A 43-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with the disappearance of a police officer.
Vicky Holland will have another chance to secure an Olympic place after finishing fourth in the opening World Triathlon Series event in Abu Dhabi.
The Government Communications Headquarters (GCHQ) is to run 200 new summer schools aimed at encouraging more people into cybersecurity careers.
Ivory Coast have increased their budget for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations in a bid to end a run of three successive quarter-final exits.
More than 260 jobs could go as part of proposed cuts in Northumberland's fire service.
Two poems by JRR Tolkien have been discovered in a school magazine from 1936.
The brewing industry in Wales is enjoying a boom not seen since the 1990s, according to the trade.
Older patients with type-2 diabetes may not gain a long life from medication, a study suggests.
Tyson Fury has been named the best fighter of 2015 by the Ring magazine.
Oil services company Wood Group has reported a 17% drop in half-year revenues.
Flintshire council is to hold a series of roadshows to help residents find ways of saving £28m from its budget.
At 7ft, New Zealand basketball player Steven Adams is not the tallest player in the NBA.
HP has cancelled orders made over the weekend after it offered laptops on its website with a 99% discount.
A knife attack at a supermarket in Hamburg has left seven people injured, including a 17-year-old.
Boris Johnson has claimed that Britain will spend £350m a week on the EU.
At least 11 people have been killed when a construction crane fell on the Grand Mosque in Mecca, Saudi Arabia.
The cost of the Aberdeen bypass has risen to £653m, the Scottish government has confirmed.
The Police Federation in Northern Ireland has announced a £1m fund to help officers suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
An Arkansas prisoner who escaped 31 years ago has been caught.
Malaysian police have arrested at least 20 people in a series of raids on suspected terrorism targets.
Guernsey's government is planning to write off up to £25m of debt for the island's airline, Aurigny.
Frank Bruno should fight former rival Evander Holyfield if the 51-year-old British boxer returns to the ring, says Matchroom promoter Eddie Hearn.
Bookmakers will lose £25m if Leicester City win the Premier League, with one firm already paying out.
Australia have named an unchanged team to face England in their must-win World Cup 2015 match at Twickenham.
Personal details of more than 100 vulnerable adults were posted online by a council.
A 19-year-old tiger which became a star of Indian wildlife tourism has died in the north-west of the country.
Celtic midfielder Kris Commons has joined Hibernian on a 31-week loan.
The number of children who have reported being sexually abused in football has risen by 32% in the past three months, police have said.
Drivers who throw rubbish from their cars in London will face a £80 fine from next week.
A former Auschwitz guard aged 100 has died in Germany before his trial could begin.
The number of councils in Wales that stop providing a free pest control service for rats has risen to 12.
Tottenham have a good chance of reaching the Europa League last 32 after a goalless draw at Fiorentina.
The Harrogate International Festivals is celebrating its 50th anniversary with a fundraising campaign.
Two piers with a combined length of more than 1,600ft have been sold in Blackpool.
A service has been held to mark the 40th anniversary of the Birmingham pub bombings.
A woman has died following a two-vehicle crash on the A90 near Huntly.
Wildfires have killed at least 13 people in the US state of Tennessee, officials say.
A beacon has been lit on Snowdon to mark the Queen's 60th birthday.
Durham beat Leicestershire by 11 runs in the One-Day Cup to move top of North Group.
A Turkish journalist is on a list of 110 journalists facing arrest over alleged involvement in the failed coup attempt last month.
The iconic Tokyo hotel The Okura will close in April 2015 to make way for a new luxury hotel.
The Duchess of Cambridge has marked the 150th anniversary of the Anglo-Luxembourg treaty during a visit to the Grand Duchy.
A Typhoon fighter has been unveiled by the RAF to mark the 75th anniversary of the Battle of Britain.
Major oil and gas producers have said they want to limit global warming to 2C.
Two men who stole sex toys and drugs worth £1,000 from a Belfast shop have been given suspended prison sentences.
Commemorations are being held in Wales to mark the 70th anniversary of VJ Day.
Lancashire narrowly avoided an innings defeat against Durham by 17 runs in their County Championship match at Old Trafford.
A new railway station is to open in Ilkeston, Derbyshire, for the first time in more than 50 years.
A former church pastor has been found guilty of participating in the 1994 Rwandan genocide.
The Scottish government's tax authority has collected more than £600m in its first year.
Air pollution in London last week was not five times worse than in Beijing, as some have claimed.
Plans to regenerate parts of Hull have been given the go-ahead after £16m was approved for the projects.
A council is in talks to hand back a 17th Century stately home to the National Trust.
A 300th anniversary is to be marked at a historic stone bridge which was built to allow mourners to reach funerals.
A Russian attack helicopter has crashed during an air show, killing one pilot and seriously injuring another.
The BBC has reached an agreement with other broadcasters to provide additional digital channels for the 2012 Olympics.
The first section of a new smart motorway system on the M6 has opened.
Police have arrested 19 people after clashes at the Old Firm derby match between Rangers and Celtic at Hampden.
A coach driver has been hailed a hero after he evacuated more than 60 schoolchildren from a burning coach on the M6.
Tube drivers on the Central and Waterloo and City lines are to stage three 24-hour strikes in February in a dispute over plans to introduce night-time services.
England batsman Ian Bell has extended his contract with Warwickshire until 2018.
US Senator Lindsey Graham has announced he is running for the 2016 presidential election.
Up to 330 jobs are at risk at the Chepstow site of the bridge building firm Mabey Bridge.
Chris Coleman says he cannot prepare his Wales squad for the "anxiety" of a Euro 2016 last-16 penalty shoot-out.
The Venezuelan government has banned Henrique Capriles from holding public office for 15 years.
(Close): Japan's Nikkei 225 index closed higher, bucking a trend in Asia where other markets were lower.
Warwickshire have signed New Zealand all-rounder Grant Elliott as their overseas player for this summer's T20 Blast competition.
Downing Street has denied claims that the Downing Street cat is not liked by staff at Number 10.
Joe Ledley has been included in Wales' Euro 2016 squad despite being a doubt for the opening game against Slovakia.
Tottenham Hotspur manager Mauricio Pochettino has signed a new contract to manage the Premier League club until 2018.
The Bank of England has announced that the new £5 note will be made of plastic.
Campaigners are calling for a rethink over plans to increase the cost of school bus passes for children in Kent by 25%.
Inver House Distillers has secured a £30m loan to refinance its borrowing.
Swansea City have agreed a £3m deal to sign Chievo striker Alberto Paloschi.
Gregor Townsend will replace Vern Cotter as Scotland coach in the summer of 2018.
Conor Saiger topped the opening practice session for the Isle of Man TT with a lap of 117.18mph.
Radio 1 has appointed CBBC presenter Cel Spellman to host the Official Chart Show.
Nine pupils have been taken to hospital after falling ill from suspected drug use at school.
A 23-month-old boy died after he was taken to the wrong hospital, it has been claimed.
A Labour candidate has said he may vote against a high-speed rail project which will see a new station built in Nottinghamshire.
The number of fire deaths in Scotland has fallen to its lowest level for more than 20 years, according to new figures.
The funeral of former Ulster GAA president Danny Murphy, who died on Monday aged 71, will take place on Saturday.
John Robertson has been appointed manager of Inverness Caledonian Thistle for a second time - 13 years after his first spell in charge.
About 20 tonnes of rubbish has been dumped on a railway line near Telford, prompting an investigation.
West Ham have sold Dimitri Payet to Marseille for £10m.
Tributes have been paid to former TV-am presenter Mike Morris, who has died at the age of 70.
The Champions League final in Cardiff in 2017 will be played under cover, the Football Association of Wales has confirmed.
Water companies have made £800m in profits over the past five years, according to the spending watchdog.
Danny Rae has been appointed as the new manager of St Mirren on a contract until the summer of 2017.
A £17m plan to transform football pitches in Liverpool has been agreed.
The International Olympic Committee is in talks with boxing's world governing body over the inclusion of professional boxers at the 2016 Olympics in Rio.
The 2016 Armagh apple harvest is taking place and it's a bumper year.
Peaches Geldof was the most searched-for person on Bing in 2014.
Two golfers have become the first players in 20 years to achieve a hole-in-one on the same hole.
The Duke of Rutland has been banned from driving for a year after racking up 24 points on his licence.
A 16-year-old boy has been stabbed to death at a school in Aberdeen.
Former New Zealand international Sione Lauaki has died at the age of 37.
Six people have been arrested in east and north London in connection with an alleged terrorist plot with targets in the UK.
Wolverhampton Wanderers have sacked manager Walter Zenga after just 10 games in charge.
Chicago police are investigating the rape of a 15-year-old girl on Facebook Live.
Police in four countries have arrested 15 people in connection with cyber attacks on government websites in Latin America.
A study of viruses that could trigger a global pandemic has identified 37 that should be closely monitored.
A couple from Suffolk have become the UK's biggest lottery winners after scooping £148m in Friday's Euromillions draw.
More than 50 jobs are at risk at a large quarry in Argyll.
Facebook, Twitter and YouTube have agreed with German law enforcement to remove hate speech from their platforms within 24 hours.
Somerset have withdrawn New Zealand seamer Doug Bracewell from the T20 Blast campaign.
Cameron Donald and Danny Webb will race for Norton at the 2017 Isle of Man TT.
Work to complete a development of 290 unfinished flats in Ipswich waterfront could take two years, administrators have said.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, with Unilever shares helping to lift the market.
The referendum on the UK's membership in the European Union will take place on 23 June.
A former NHS trust chairman who fraudulently claimed more than £1m from NHS bodies has been jailed for 12 months.
Williams have retained former Force India driver Paul di Resta as their Formula 1 reserve for a second year.
The family of a west Belfast man murdered 25 years ago have met police in a fresh bid to find his killers.
A 14-month-old dog is recovering after being attacked by burglars who broke into a house in the Black Country.
The operator and entertainment company chosen to run a new £91m arena in Bristol have been announced.
Spain's jobless total has fallen to its lowest level since 2011, official figures show.
Principality Building Society has reported a slight drop in profits for 2015.
One man has been injured and at least three others hurt in a shooting at a wedding in Londonderry.
Mercedes F1 boss Toto Wolff has sold his 5% stake in Williams Grand Prix Holdings.
Marcus Trescothick has announced his retirement from professional cricket after a 18-year career.
More than 14 million school-age children in the Middle East and North Africa are not able to go to school because of conflict, says the UN.
Labour's shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper has revealed she has been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes.
Boris Johnson has apologised to a 10-year-old boy after tackling him during a game of touch rugby in Japan.
A team is working on a model of the human body made from 50 different organs for medical training.
Belgian police officers who were trying to help 13 Sudanese migrants cross into France have been arrested for illegal entry.
A Northern Ireland couple have died in a suspected drowning incident in South Africa just one day after their wedding.
People taking anti-depressants may be at increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes, a study suggests.
The first of 117 new trains worth Â£700m that will run on the Thameslink route have arrived in the UK.
Sean Lamont is determined to become Scotland's most capped player - and is just 10 caps away from equalling Tommy Paterson's record.
The UK is not "swamped" by EU migrants, and less than 1% of the population are people born in the Republic of Ireland, according to former Prime Minister Gordon
The cost of holiday childcare in Wales has risen by 70% in the past year, according to a new report.
A lawyer who fraudulently travelled on trains for 655 days over three years has been given a community order.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, with mining shares recovering some of Monday's losses.
Glamorgan fast bowler Shaun Tait says his side will not be intimidated by the prospect of facing a strong Yorkshire side in Thursday's T20 Blast quarter-final.
A £14m restoration project to improve Gloucester Cathedral has been given the go-ahead.
Southend United striker Nile Ranger has been released on bail after 35 days in prison for fraud.
Council tax in Norfolk is to rise by £15m as the Conservative-led authority looks to balance its budget.
(Close): The S&P 500 ended slightly lower, with investors taking a breather after a recent rally.
The Northern Ireland Executive is investing £7m in City of Derry Airport to help secure its future.
A private tenant in England and Wales faces the risk of losing their home every 365 days, according to new figures.
The government is to double the minimum fine for littering to £100 in England, the Daily Telegraph has reported.
A tree that has become the UK's Tree of the Year has been given protected status, but will still be lost to the HS2 high-speed rail link's first phase.
A man who has volunteered on a remote Scottish island for more than 80 years has been named Britain's hardest-working man.
The bodies of 13 people, believed to be teenagers, have been found in a river in Honduras.
A man who distributed hundreds of the most extreme indecent images of children has been jailed for 12 years.
World number one Jordan Spieth retained his lead at the SBS Tournament of Champions with a second-round 68 to be 12 under.
The Raspberry Pi Foundation has announced that more than 10 million of its computers have now been sold.
Tickets for a pageant to celebrate the Queen's 90th birthday have sold out within a day.
Ricardo Romero won the BMW European Open by one stroke from England's Richard Bland in Germany.
The business community has urged the Scottish government to improve the A9 at a dangerous bend.
The UK's private sector grew at its slowest rate for 18 years in the first quarter of 2016, according to the Confederation of British Industry.
The 21st Inverness Film Festival is to showcase a range of films from around the world.
A Caerphilly woman who has dedicated her life to encouraging girls and women to take up sport has been named the 2016 BBC Wales Unsung Hero.
Aidy Boothroyd has been named as the new manager of the England Under-20 team.
The search area for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 may have been narrowed after it was found the plane may have turned south earlier than thought.
Wales fans have been left disappointed after the official Euro 2016 app failed to list their team.
Wales forward Hal Robson-Kanu is targeting being fit for Euro 2016.
A 23-year-old British woman murdered in Thailand was "a lovely, caring and thoughtful person", an inquest has heard.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt is hopeful fly-half Johnny Sexton will recover from a calf injury to face Scotland on 3 March.
A driving examiner who was involved in 21 driving tests has been given a community service order.
Glasgow has hosted the 2016 Homeless World Cup.
Linfield maintained their 100% start to the season with a win over Coleraine at the National Stadium at Windsor Park.
People should not be treated as adults until they are 18, a Labour MP has said.
The Australian pub made famous by the 1986 film Crocodile Dundee is up for sale.
David Dimbleby will front the BBC's election coverage on 8 June, the corporation has announced.
A South African girl with progeria, a rare condition that causes rapid ageing, has died at the age of 18.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has taken over United's Instagram account 23.
Former Scotland manager Craig Brown believes Wales can reach Euro 2016.
Kenny "Cash" Everett has marked 50 years broadcasting after his first radio show on Radio London.
The German Grand Prix is a race with a proud history, but its future is uncertain.
Three people have died and another is seriously hurt after a coach crashed into a car on the M1 in Bedfordshire.
The site of a former textile factory where 350 jobs were lost is to be turned into a housing and business development.
The average mileage driven by motorists in Britain has fallen by almost a quarter in 10 years, according to official figures.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson has signed a new contract to remain at the Championship club until 2022.
One man has died and eight others were injured in a fire at a block of flats in Dartford, Kent.
McLaren have signed up Lando Norris as a test driver for the rest of the season as they assess him as a potential Formula 1 driver.
Premier League clubs have received a share of the television income from Euro 2016.
The family of a murdered woman have made a fresh appeal for information about her death 20 years ago.
A 14-year-old boy has died after collapsing during a high school football game in the US state of Kansas.
A former Olympic athlete has claimed drug-taking was rife in Scottish sport in the 1980s.
About 180 military personnel are to be moved from RAF Wittering in Cambridgeshire to other bases in England and Scotland.
A wedding dress that was made more than 100 years ago has been returned to the family of the woman who wore it.
A former British Army soldier who served for more than 10 years is facing deportation to Fiji.
Rugby union club Wasps have raised £60m for a new stadium bond.
Six-time major winner Nick Faldo says he may make a comeback to competitive golf by playing in the 2014 Irish Open.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says he is happy with the draw for their 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign.
France striker Karim Benzema has been cleared to join the France squad for Euro 2016 after a court lifted some restrictions on him.
A 10-day campaign to raise awareness of water safety in Scotland has been launched by the Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI).
A man has died after being hit by a car on the A27 in West Sussex.
Channel 4 has closed its website.
The Royal Navy's HMS Bulwark, a 400-class landing ship, has been deployed to the Mediterranean to rescue migrants.
The Commonwealth Games are being held in Glasgow in 2014.
The crime writer Ruth Rendell, who died on Saturday aged 85, has been described as "one of our best-loved authors".
Welsh police forces have seen a 41% increase in overtime spending over the past year, figures obtained by BBC Radio 5 Live have revealed.
England manager Roy Hodgson says he picked Manchester United striker Marcus Rashford ahead of Leicester's Danny Drinkwater because he is "an extra attacker".
Ian Baraclough has been appointed as the new manager of Northern Ireland's Under-21s.
The future of the last remaining Channel 3 broadcaster outside ITV's control is in doubt after UTV confirmed it is in talks to sell its TV business.
Police have re-opened an investigation into the rape and murder of a north Belfast woman 29 years ago.
A couple who were married for 60 years have died hours apart in the same hospital in California.
Double Olympic champion Jade Jones says she will be "devastated" if she fails to win gold at the 2016 Olympics.
The number of general practitioners (GPs) in Northern Ireland has fallen by 4% in the past decade, the Royal College of GPs has said.
Marks and Spencer boss Steve Bolland was paid a total of £1m last year, the High Street retailer has revealed.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher on Friday, with mining shares helping to lift the index.
Great Britain's Adam Peaty set a new European Championships record in the men's 100m breaststroke final.
Former Dundee United and Blackburn Rovers defender Frank Kopel has died at the age of 71.
Phil Taylor beat James Wade to reach his 20th final at the World Matchplay, a record for the most appearances at the tournament.
Microsoft has changed the design of a pop-up box it uses to push Windows 10 users to upgrade to the operating system.
Harlequins have signed Wales centre Jamie Roberts from Racing 92 on a contract until June 2019.
Kim Dotcom has said he plans to relaunch his Megaupload file-sharing service in January 2017.
A 14-year-old woman found murdered in South Yorkshire has been named locally as Leonne Weeks.
The first fixtures of the 2016-17 Scottish League One season are on 6 August.
Toy fans have gathered to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Action Man toy at the former factory where it was made.
A new Banksy artwork has appeared in Bristol, the city where the artist first made his name in 2014.
The Nigerian military says more than 250 Boko Haram fighters have surrendered in the past few days.
Fewer than 400 people over the age of 24 have taken up loans to pay for their training, according to official figures.
Andy Rose scored his first goal in six games as Coventry beat 10-man Bradford to move back into the play-off places.
Turkey will hold early parliamentary elections on 1 November, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has announced.
A note issued by Clydesdale Bank has been shortlisted for a top banknote award.
Worcestershire have been forced to find a replacement for New Zealand bowler John Hastings for the second half of the 2017 season.
West Ham United have made Andre Carvalho their top summer transfer target and are willing to pay up to £15m for the Portugal midfielder.
Fly-tipping incidents have risen by 32% in the past four years, according to government figures.
Bank of Scotland has announced that it is to close 23 branches.
Grand Theft Auto V has been voted best game at the 2013 Golden Joysticks awards.
A Romanian stowaway who fell from a plane from Vienna to London Heathrow has been caught by airport security.
BP has said it will appeal against a US judge's decision to allow higher costs for the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill due to fraud claims.
A memorial for the victims of the Tunisia terror attacks will be unveiled in Birmingham in 2018, the Foreign Office has announced.
The York Mystery Plays are to return to the York Minster for the first time in 16 years.
A satellite that was lost in 2016 has helped scientists make a surprising discovery about the universe.
Apple is facing a court battle in Australia over claims it misled consumers about the capabilities of its new iPad 3.
(Close): Wall Street has ended higher, with the S&P 500 and Nasdaq both closing at record highs, despite a revision to the US economy's growth in the fourth
More than 700 guns have been found on a ferry that arrived in Italy from Croatia, police say.
Thousands of people have gathered at the site of the Buchenwald concentration camp to mark its 70th anniversary of liberation.
At least 106 environmental activists were killed last year, according to a report by a UK-based campaign group.
Islamic State (IS) militants have killed at least 60 people in an attack in central Syria, a monitoring group says.
A 14-year-old rugby player has died after sustaining a head injury during a match.
Three cranes have nested in the South West of England for the first time in more than 300 years.
Chapecoense have won their first game since their plane crashed on 28 November, killing 71 people.
An Australian couple who lost three children in the MH17 Ukraine crash have welcomed a new daughter.
The Thai military government has released 124 people detained after the coup last week, but many remain in hiding.
Spider-Man is set to swing into the Marvel Cinematic Universe after a deal was agreed between Marvel and Sony Pictures.
A police review into child sexual exploitation has identified almost 7,000 potential victims in Leicestershire.
The inquests into the deaths of 21 people in the Birmingham pub bombings are to resume, the coroner has said.
The mayor of London has led tributes to the victims of the 7/7 bombings on the anniversary of the attacks.
Around 50 people have been left homeless after a fire in a block of flats in west London.
The first new type of electricity pylon in the UK in more than 100 years has been unveiled in Kent.
A biscuit factory in Merseyside is to close with the loss of 340 jobs.
Plans for a £250m tidal energy power station in Lancashire have moved a step closer.
At least six people have been killed in two suicide bomb attacks on police stations in south-eastern Turkey, officials say.
Nationwide Building Society has said it achieved record mortgage lending and increased profits in the six months to September.
The music mogul who discovered the Backstreet Boys and NSync has died at the age of 53.
Two Iraqis arrested by British troops in 2005 have been cleared of murdering two British soldiers.
The merger of Standard Life and Aberdeen Asset Management will result in the loss of 800 jobs, according to a document published by the companies.
The Ospreys made a profit for the first time in three years in 2015, according to accounts filed at Companies House.
Police have made 12 arrests after a protest at the Westfield shopping centre in west London turned violent.
The Welsh Ambulance Service has missed its target for responding to the most serious 15-minute emergency calls for the first time in nearly a year.
England lock Geoff Parling will join the Melbourne Rebels in 2017 after finishing his contract with Exeter Chiefs.
A man who was seriously injured in a fatal crash on the M9 has died in hospital.
Arriva bus drivers in West Yorkshire and North Yorkshire are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay.
The bellwether seats of Kent and Sussex are being watched closely as the most unpredictable general election in decades since 2015 gets under way.
A 46-year-old coal-fired power station has closed after a final unit was switched off.
Singapore has confirmed 40 cases of the Zika virus, up from 19 last week, with most of the new cases linked to a construction site.
The funeral has taken place of an oil worker who was one of 11 people to die in a North Sea helicopter crash.
An international panel of experts has criticised the way the Mexican government has handled the case of 43 missing students.
Glasgow-based medical diagnostics firm Renishaw has closed its diagnostics unit with the loss of 60 jobs.
England centre Jonathan Joseph and wing Anthony Watson have extended their contracts with Bath until 2019.
A suicide attack at a former CIA base in eastern Afghanistan has killed at least 20 people, including two US soldiers.
A musician has died after falling into the River Clyde on his 22nd birthday.
Northern Ireland fans will be allocated tickets for Euro 2016 on a priority basis if they have attended games in the last two years.
Former Real Madrid and Barcelona star Luis Figo has become the second candidate to drop out of the election for the next president of Fifa, which takes place on 2 June.
Taylor Swift has said she will withhold her new album 1989 from Apple Music until the company pays artists during a free trial period.
Renewable electricity generation in Scotland increased by more than 40% in the first three months of this year compared to the same period last year.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day slightly higher despite losses for Lloyds Banking Group.
Chinese clubs could be forced to pay a 20% tax on transfer fees for players moving to the country.
Serbian police have arrested 44 people on suspicion of corruption, including several opposition politicians.
New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum has hit the fastest century in Test cricket history, reaching the landmark in 54 balls against Australia.
Michael Dunlop set the fastest lap of the week at the Classic TT and Manx Grand Prix events.
The BBC has extended its deal to broadcast the ATP World Tour Finals until 2018.
Pinewood Studios has won a battle to expand its site after the government approved a £200m expansion plan.
The World Anti-Doping Agency has updated its list of prohibited substances with immediate effect from 1 January 2016.
Fashion chain Ted Baker has reported profits of more than 20% for the first half of the year.
A man who deliberately ran over and killed a 44-year-old man has been jailed for life.
The Glastonbury Festival will not hold an event in 2018, it has been confirmed.
At least 30 people have been killed in clashes between Myanmar's army and rebel groups in the country's north-east.
Bath have signed Wales fly-half Rhys Priestland after he changed his mind about retiring from international rugby.
A former world record holder has completed his 59th year of running.
Great Britain and Ireland beat the United States in the 10th Curtis Cup to become the first team to hold all four major women's golf trophies.
Scientists have created a digital model of the human brain with a resolution of 50 microns.
Wolves striker Nouha Dicko has signed a contract extension with the Championship club until 2020.
The grandfather of a 14-year-old girl from Leeds killed in the Manchester attack has paid tribute to his "rock".
A campaign to save a 16th Century Tudor hall after a fire has broken out is being launched.
Health ministers from West Africa have agreed to try to reduce the number of Ebola deaths to 200 in the next three months.
The inquest into the IRA murder of 11 workmen in County Armagh in 1976 has been adjourned.
The Philippines is observing a national day of mourning after 18 police commandos were killed in a clash with the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF).
Boston has officially launched a bid to host the 2024 Olympic Games.
Apple has reported a fall in unit sales of its iPhone 7 for the first time since the device was launched.
Plans to build a 600km power cable connecting Scotland and Norway have taken a step forward.
A road is to remain closed for up to 10 days after a sinkhole opened up in Manchester.
The Bank of Scotland has launched a new £10 note.
People aged 75 and over are the least likely to use the internet, according to the Office for National Statistics.
About 40 pupils have been sent home from a Newport school for not adhering to a new uniform policy.
A 14-year-old boy has admitted the murder of a schoolboy who was stabbed to death in north-west London.
Honda's chief engineer Yasuhisa Arai has resigned from his position in Formula 1.
It takes the average FTSE 100 boss just 45 minutes to earn what an average worker receives in a year, according to the Trades Union Congress.
Wales manager Chris Coleman is against his players participating in the 2016 Olympics.
Whistleblower Chelsea Manning has thanked US President Barack Obama for commuting her 35-year sentence for leaking classified documents.
Actor and campaigner Stephen Fry has launched a campaign against plans to build a Crossrail 2 station in Soho.
Documentaries about Michael Jackson and Werner Herzog will premiere at the 2017 Sundance Film Festival.
The annual total of home loans in the UK has reached its highest level since 2008, according to the Council of Mortgage Lenders.
Brazilians have been joking about not having access to WhatsApp for the next 48 hours.
Cricket Scotland has been named as the winner of the 2016 International Cricket Council Development Programme Award.
French football club Lyon have promised to take action after banners were unfurled at their Ligue 1 game on Saturday with sexist messages.
The first Test between Australia and India has been delayed by a week because of the death of Phillip Hughes.
Police Scotland has received more than 130 referrals of child sexual abuse within football since November.
Former Well captain Stephen Craigan has been put in charge of Motherwell's Under-20s.
At least 50 migrants have died trying to reach Italy from North Africa over the past two days, the Italian coastguard says.
Ireland wing Keith Earls will miss their World Cup warm-up game against New Zealand in Chicago on 13 November.
A fresh search has begun for a six-year-old girl who disappeared in the Republic of Ireland 34 years ago.
Japanese tech firm Sharp is developing smartphone displays that support 4K, the resolution used in some ultra-high-definition TVs.
Liverpool have completed the signings of France defender Mamadou Sakho and Portugal Under-21 centre-back Tiago Ilori for a combined £25m.
Two Pembrokeshire officers are accused of skipping up to eight-hour ferry shifts to claim thousands of pounds in wages.
A couple who have been married for 53 years have won more than £1m in the National Lottery.
More viewers watched Euro 2016 on TV than Andy Murray's Wimbledon final victory, overnight ratings suggest.
The number of people confirmed dead in the Bangladesh garment factory building collapse has reached 600, officials say.
East Midlands Ambulance Service (EMAS) has overspent by more than £5m, according to its latest financial report.
Australian police have arrested a 22-year-old man at Sydney Airport as he attempted to travel to Syria.
A red squirrel reserve could be threatened by a development of 150 homes, a wildlife group has claimed.
At least 38 people have died in a plane crash in South Sudan, the Red Cross says.
A man has denied murdering a teenager in Bath 30 years ago.
McLaren have signed British teenager Lando Norris for their Formula 1 team.
About 23 people were evacuated from a care home after a fire which has caused "very considerable" damage.
Up to six railway workers were put at risk when a train failed to stop in time at a level crossing, a report has said.
Nyquist has become the first horse since Affirmed in 1978 to win the Kentucky Derby after being the odds-on favourite.
A 12-year-old boy from Kent has died at a jamboree in Finland.
Shares in furniture retailer DFS have dropped more than 22% after it reported a slowdown in sales.
Former world heavyweight champion Evander Holyfield, 51, says he wants to return to the ring.
West Bromwich Albion have agreed a deal to sign Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho for £18m.
US comedian and civil rights activist Dick Gregory has died at the age of 84.
Swiss voters have rejected a measure that would have limited bosses' pay to no more than 12 times that of their workers.
A passenger has captured video of a passenger plane attempting to land in high winds at Manchester Airport on Sunday.
A pharmacist has been jailed for four months for causing the death of a woman due to a dispensing error.
Somerset all-rounder Lewis Trego has criticised the T20 game for bringing "idiots" to cricket.
Former England captain Michael Vaughan wants batsman Kevin Pietersen to be considered for the England team at the World Twenty20.
A memorial service has been held in Hull to mark the 30th anniversary of the Falklands conflict.
A motorcyclist who killed a 21-year-old woman by driving at speeds of up to 130mph has been jailed.
The son of Brazilian football legend Pele has been jailed for 10 years for money laundering.
Police in the central Indian state of Chhattisgarh say they have killed 25 Maoist rebels in the region.
Leicester and England hooker Mike Youngs has expressed his concern at the prospect of a 10-month Premiership Rugby season.
Queen's University Belfast has fallen out of the top 200 in the latest QS global university rankings for 2016.
Police are to review the murder of a golf legend 25 years ago.
A club cricket team in Bangladesh have set a new world record for the most runs conceded in an over - more than 90.
Overall crime on trains in Wales has fallen by 11% in the past year, according to British Transport Police.
The flood barrier at Cowes has closed 52 times this winter, breaking the record for the highest number of closures in a single season.
Rail passengers will save £95 on their fares under new Scottish government plans to reward commuters for buying season tickets.
Matt Lucas is to return to Doctor Who for the new series on BBC One.
France defender Raphael Varane has been ruled out of Euro 2016 with a thigh injury.
Hip fracture surgery should be carried out within 24 hours of admission to hospital to minimise the risk of death, a study suggests.
Ebbsfleet's long unbeaten run was extended to 15 games as they drew with Maidenhead United.
A man who carried out a campaign of rape and violence against three women has been jailed for at least five years.
Police officers who ran down a dog on the A55 to try to catch it should face no action, a review has concluded.
Striker Daryl Heteon has signed a new contract with Nottingham Forest until 2020.
Betty Cuthbert, Australia's last Olympic triple gold medallist, has died aged 78.
About 1,000 soldiers have been protesting in Bolivia's capital, La Paz, for three days.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the week higher despite a fall in shares in outsourcer Capita.
About 100 water voles are being released into the Yorkshire Dales in the hope they will thrive in the area.
Northampton Saints' academy players Harry Mallinder and 12 others have signed their first professional contracts with the Premiership club.
World number three Roger Federer has extended his contract to play at the Swiss Indoors tournament in Basel until 2019.
Tributes have been paid to Welsh actress Deddie Davies who has died at the age of 82.
Complaints about the taste and possible health effects of water in a supply serving about 1,000 households are to be investigated.
The Walt Disney Company has sold the Miramax film studio for $660m to a group of investors.
Jonathan Rea extended his winning streak in the World Superbike Championship to five races with victory in the season-opener in Australia.
The number of tourists visiting Northern Ireland increased in 2015, according to official figures.
The military has dropped 58 claims against British troops in Iraq, the Ministry of Defence has said.
The Australian scientist who developed the cervical cancer vaccine in 2000 has been named Australian of the Year.
The Ironbridge Gorge in Shropshire is to be protected from landslides after £10m of government funding was announced.
The rate of mothers breastfeeding their babies has remained "broadly similar" over the last 10 years, according to official figures.
BBC Sport picks out the best of the rest of the teams at the World Cup in Australia and New Zealand.
Scotland flanker Alasdair Strokosch has announced his retirement from international rugby after being capped 72 times.
A council in Staffordshire is planning to raise £35m a year through a tax increase.
John Berry, a founding member of US rap group Beastie Boys, has died at the age of 55.
Four weightlifters from three countries have been stripped of their medals from the 2012 London Olympics after failing drugs tests.
Brazilian prosecutors have charged 11 people with qualified homicide over a dam disaster that killed 19 people last year.
In the UK, the clocks go forward an hour in March 2016.
Police are searching land for a man who disappeared 25 years ago.
The EU data protection laws are set to come into force in 2018, giving companies two years to get their houses in order.
Flybe shares have dropped more than 10% after the airline reported a big loss and said it would cut capacity.
Tributes have been paid to a 70-year-old DJ who has gone missing from his home in Bristol.
Hate crimes against transgender people in London have risen by 25% in the past year, according to the Metropolitan Police.
Olympic dressage champion Charlotte Dujardin says Rio 2016 will be the last competition for her horse Valegro.
More than 1,000 parking tickets have been issued in Hawick over the past year.
Libya's eastern authorities have frozen a ban on women under the age of 60 travelling abroad without a male guardian for further review.
Marcel Kittel has been forced to abandon the Tour de France after crashing on stage 11.
Phil Simmons has resigned as head coach of the West Indies after 12 months in charge.
Former Radio 1 DJ Dave Lee Travis is to be reimbursed almost £1m in legal costs by the taxpayer.
The medals for the Rio 2016 Olympics have been produced using recycled materials and are designed to be reused after the Games.
A school which has been in operation for nearly 300 years is to close its doors for the final time.
The global customer management company Teleperformance is to create 2,000 new jobs in County Fermanagh.
Mickey Harte has confirmed that he will stay on as Tyrone boss for 2017, the year his contract was due to expire.
Chelsea have completed the £35m signing of England midfielder Danny Drinkwater from Premier League champions Leicester City.
The number of children reported to the police in north Wales for taking or sending sexually explicit images has risen by 1300% in three years.
Girls experience mathematics anxiety at the age of 15 which can affect their future, a study suggests.
A £50m equal pay deal has been agreed for workers at North Lanarkshire Council.
Frank de Boer has left Inter Milan after just 85 days in charge, with the club bottom of the Serie A table.
Mickey Rourke has made a successful comeback to professional boxing after 25 years away from the ring.
The Conservative candidate has won the Gower seat by a margin of 27 votes.
A flood protection scheme for Cockermouth, Cumbria, is to be part of a £10m package, the government has announced.
Average speed cameras and variable speed limits are to be introduced on the M4 in Newport.
An exhibition marking the 30th anniversary of the miners' strike has opened.
UK car production fell in October for the first time since 2015, but exports continued to rise.
European plane maker Airbus has reported a 21% increase in profits as it sold more commercial jets.
Penzance 13s chairman Ian Groves says the dismissal of a judicial review into the club's stadium plans is a "huge relief".
Officials counting votes in Glasgow have found 10 suspect votes among the ballots being counted in the Scottish independence referendum.
The Lord Mayor of London has been officially welcomed to his role at the 800th anniversary of the Lord Mayor's Show.
A £800m contract to provide healthcare services to older people in Cambridgeshire and Peterborough has failed to deliver, the BBC has learned.
Carole King will play the British Summertime Hyde Park Festival in London this summer.
BBC Radio 1 is launching on BBC iPlayer.
The number of people claiming unemployment-related benefits in Northern Ireland has fallen for the first time in 12 months.
Glasgow Warriors full-back Peter Murchie has extended his contract with the club until 2018.
A new £42m media centre in Carmarthenshire will not be self-sustaining, the university behind the project has admitted.
Chinese authorities have arrested more than 100 people for looting ancient tombs in Liaoning province.
A hormone found in the venom of the platypus could help treat type 2 diabetes, Australian scientists say.
Bristol City have signed winger Callum O'Dowda from League One side Oxford United for an initial fee of £1m.
The 40th anniversary of former US President Jimmy Carter's visit to Tyneside is being marked.
Sadiq Khan has announced a two-year freeze on fares on Transport for London (TfL) services.
England wing Mark Ashton has been given an eight-week ban for eye gouging.
The A14 is set to become a toll road.
Woking's 15-game unbeaten run in all competitions was ended by a goalless draw at Gateshead.
Police are re-examining the case of a woman who disappeared 10 years ago.
Liverpool have rejected a £90m bid from Barcelona for Brazil midfielder Philippe Coutinho.
The Bishop of Argyll and the Isles has designed the final £1 coin to be minted.
Manchester City and Ivory Coast midfielder Yaya Toure has been voted the BBC African Footballer of the Year 2015 for the second time.
Prison officers have marched out of HMP Kingston ahead of its closure after 80 years.
At least 26 people died when a lorry they were travelling in veered off a road in the Central African Republic, officials say.
A man has been jailed for 12 years for his involvement in a series of gun attacks in Birmingham.
Bernie Ecclestone has been charged with bribery over a deal involving the sale of the rights to the Formula 1 racing series.
Catalans Dragons will host St Helens in the European Challenge Cup quarter-final on Saturday, 19 August.
Sally Conway has won Olympic bronze at Rio 2016.
A teacher who was investigated for telling a pupil she believed same-sex marriage was wrong in 2015 has won her legal battle.
Boeing has reported a 25% increase in its quarterly profit, helped by strong deliveries of its commercial aircraft.
South Africa moved closer to a series-levelling win over Australia in Hobart after bowling the hosts out for 108 in their second innings.
The creator of the Carry On films, Norman Hudis, has died at the age of 93.
The logo for the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games has been unveiled, after the first choice was scrapped over plagiarism claims.
At least 16 people have been killed in an attack on a hotel in the Somali capital, Mogadishu.
A 31-year-old British man has been arrested in Hong Kong on suspicion of murder.
A 3D rice paddy art work that tricks the eyes into thinking it is a giant dragon has been created in China.
A partial truce in Syria is due to take effect on 27 February, the US, Russia and Turkey have announced.
A 16-year-old has become the youngest person to join a lifeboat crew while still at school.
A rare species of birch tree has been propagated from seed for the first time in about 10 years.
Welsh political leaders have been looking ahead to 2016, highlighting their hopes and ambitions for the year ahead.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright is delighted his side have extended their 14-game unbeaten run in all competitions to six straight victories.
The new American professional rugby league has criticised the Pro12 for trying to expand into the United States.
A police force at York Minster has been given full powers for the first time in 85 years.
A public inquiry has begun into plans to demolish more than 200 homes in Liverpool.
McLaren have paid tribute to Tyler Alexander, the team's former chief engineer who has died at the age of 79.
A former Thai general has been sentenced to 12 years in prison for human trafficking.
Best friends who have known each other for 10 years have become best friends for life after one donated a kidney to the other.
Friends and family of a murdered 17-year-old pregnant girl are holding a party to mark the anniversary of her death.
Wales lock Luke Charteris might miss their final Six Nations match against Italy on 19 March.
A man who murdered a soldier in Brecon has been jailed for 20 years.
Rapper and musician Shabaka Hutchings is to host a new weekly jazz show on BBC Radio 3.
A new exhibition has opened to mark the 130th anniversary of Newcastle's Hoppings fair.
At least 11 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in the Afghan capital, Kabul, officials say.
A new trade bloc involving 26 countries in Africa has been agreed.
A Cornish MP is to try to block the government's plans to increase VAT by 14% in January.
BT has taken a one-time charge of £500m to its first-quarter profits after the acquisition of former mobile network EE.
A 87-year-old documentary film is to be given a live soundtrack during a tour of Scotland's north and east coast.
The United Arab Emirates has ordered 200 taxis from the London Taxi Company, which has just resumed production in Coventry.
The 2015 World Expo has opened in Milan, with the Italian prime minister saying it is as though the country is "embracing the world".
South Korea's intelligence agency tried to influence the 2012 presidential election, an internal investigation has found.
The Royal Regiment of Scotland has marked its 10th anniversary with a parade and commemoration in Edinburgh.
Kate Winslet has said she is "thrilled" to be nominated for an Academy Award for her role in Steve Jobs.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has announced that 48 of its branches in Scotland are to close.
Tributes have been paid to the author and poet Kate Atkinson, who has died aged 65.
Police have said a murder investigation is continuing into the death of a 60-year-old man in a suspected robbery in County Antrim.
Lifting the ban on haggis imports to the US could boost the Scottish economy by £40m, according to the country's rural affairs secretary.
Scientists have found a way to create a 3D vision experience using only one eye.
Sebastian Vettel has extended his contract with Ferrari until the end of the 2020 season.
Five new railway stations are to be built as part of a £17m government funding package.
The leader of Swansea council has said the £500m regeneration scheme for the city centre is "the biggest opportunity" the city has had in decades.
Tube workers are set to stage a 24-hour strike in a row over staffing levels and safety in a move likely to cause major disruption in London.
Plans for a new £6m railway station at Bow Street in Ceredigion have been unveiled.
The UK marine survey firm Gardline has been sold to a Dutch firm for £110m.
Southampton have signed Chelsea midfielder Juanmi Romeu for £3m on a four-year deal.
More than 1,000 probation staff have left the service since a new system was introduced, according to a report.
Anthony Martial's £36m transfer fee has been described as "huge" by former footballer Martin Keown.
A 950th anniversary of one of the bloodiest battles in English history is being commemorated in East Yorkshire.
First gas has been produced from a field discovered 40 years ago in the North Sea.
The face of an ancient Peruvian ruler has been recreated using 3D printing technology.
A man from Londonderry has matched all 32 Irish counties with characters from The Simpsons.
Double Olympic silver medallist British cyclist Becky James has retired from the sport at the age of 28.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo has ruled himself out of contention for a drive at Ferrari next year.
NHS trusts will be able to pay staffing agencies no more than 55% above the hourly rate paid to staff, the government has announced.
The first peregrine falcon nest to be found in Suffolk in 81 years has hatched five chicks.
Vodafone has decided not to sponsor the 2012 Olympic Stadium, the company has confirmed.
The government is to launch a new spending review aimed at achieving £20bn of savings from departments not protected by a spending "ring-fence".
A bid to restore an 8th Century garden in Denbighshire has been given a boost after a public consultation.
Plans for a £60m extension to the Meadowhall shopping centre have been submitted to Sheffield City Council.
Francis Maude, the minister who led the government's reform of the civil service, has said he will not stand at the 2020 general election.
At least 15 people have been killed in a fire caused by an explosion of an oil tanker in Pakistan, officials say.
A grandmother whose home was ransacked by burglars has been helped by strangers who raised almost £1,000 to help her.
The Scottish Conservatives have said they would restore 140,000 college places if they win the election.
A man who received the first successful heart-lung transplant in the UK 30 years ago has marked the anniversary by setting a world record.
French investigators are looking at Russian hackers in their hunt for those who hit television station TV5 Monde.
Currys PC World has been told not to run adverts for 4K TVs that suggested viewers could watch Euro 2016 matches in "genuine 4K definition".
About 80 jobs are to go at a turkey processing plant in Lincolnshire.
DJ Ballavan has paid tribute to Cilla Black on his BBC Radio 2 show.
Physical inactivity has a greater impact on heart disease risk in women over the age of 30 than smoking, say researchers.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a teenager at a holiday park.
A Sheffield councillor who has served for 13 years is stepping down from the Labour group at the city council.
Plans to redevelop the Princesshay shopping centre in Exeter for £200m have been approved.
Poachers have killed at least 300 elephants in Kenya and shot dead three rangers who were trying to stop them, officials say.
Greece's parliament has passed a budget for 2016, cutting spending and raising taxes.
Former heptathlete Kelly Sotherton is to make a comeback to the multi-event discipline for the 2012 Olympics.
A 15-year-old girl has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in an Essex town.
A headquarters in Lincoln will be sold by 2019, the Police and Crime Commissioner has said.
About 850 patients were sent appointment letters warning them about possible cancer symptoms.
The drummer for The Specials, John "Brad" Bradbury, has died at the age of 63.
Japan's oldest footballer Kazuyoshi Miura has extended his playing contract with Vissel Kobe until he is 48.
Northern Ireland's health service is to get £200m as a result of a reallocation of funds by the executive.
A government decision to block a plan for 200 homes in a Suffolk town has been declared unlawful.
Cyclist Martyn Irvine has been named BBC Northern Ireland's Sports Personality of 2013.
A suicide bomb attack on a military police station in eastern Turkey has killed at least 11 people, the Turkish army says.
A public inquiry has begun into plans for a development of about 400 homes near Maidstone.
The experiences of older people aged 60 and over in residential care in Wales are to be shared as part of a new review.
The UK government has said it is considering a commitment not to cut the Welsh language broadcaster S4C by £1m.
A tunnel at Glasgow's Queen Street Station will be closed for 20 weeks for major engineering work.
Australia has turned back a boat carrying 46 Vietnamese asylum seekers, local media report.
Reigning champion Marc Marquez won the MotoGP race in Aragon to extend his lead at the top of the championship.
Red Bull are targeting a switch to Mercedes engines for 2017, according to senior team sources.
England's Mako and Billy Vunipola have revealed they started playing rugby at the age of 11 at the same club.
The world's oldest person, Italian Emma Morano, has died at the age of 117, her village mayor has confirmed.
Jonathan Davies says Scarlets face a "complete package" when they take on European Champions Cup leaders Racing 92 on Saturday.
Councils are to be given £250m to encourage a return to weekly rubbish collections.
Sir Christopher Lee has made his latest album available to download - in 2015.
Children in Wales with Type 1 diabetes are being hospitalised more than 1,500 times a year, according to research.
A 10-year-old "laughing and bubbly" child who was brain damaged after she drowned at a school swimming lesson is entitled to compensation, a High Court judge has
Radamel Falcao has been included in Chelsea's 25-man Champions League squad list, despite not playing for the club since October.
The Grand National field has been confirmed with 40 runners set to go to post at Aintree on Saturday.
Actor Geoffrey Hughes, who played two long-running Coronation Street characters, has died at the age of 72.
The incidence of lung cancer among women in Scotland has more than doubled in 40 years, according to charity figures.
The cost of filling up a typical family car has risen to its highest level since the start of 2016, the RAC has said.
Lancashire beat Hampshire by an innings and 134 runs to move up the County Championship table.
Emergency services were called out to a "body" in a river - only to realise it was a sculpture after 20 minutes.
Bromley ended their five-match National League losing run but were denied victory as Solihull Moors won with 10 men.
More skeletons thought to date back to the 18th Century have been found at the site of a conference centre in Brighton.
A man who suffered a cardiac arrest at home was revived by an ambulance crew who had to shock his heart 17 times.
One person has been taken to hospital after a crash on the M4 in Cardiff.
An 11-year-old girl who had her birthday money stolen wrote a letter to the burglars asking them to "please give it back".
A form of vitamin B3 could be used to treat certain drug-resistant bacterial infections, US scientists say.
The fire service in Suffolk is to close two fire stations and axe 100 jobs in a bid to save £1m.
There is one baby born each day in England addicted to drugs, according to figures obtained by the BBC.
Jono Gibbes will join Ulster as head coach from next season.
Great Britain's Tina Cook won team silver in the eventing at the Rio 2016 Olympics.
A five-day Test match between the West Indies and Australia ended in a draw in Sydney.
A charity has produced a guide to help communities deal with Channel 4's Benefits Street.
The two main opposition parties in the Lords have fallen out over Article 50, after co-operating to defeat the government on Brexit.
Tyson Fury will not be allowed to fight for the WBO heavyweight title on 10 December.
Fresh threats of bomb attacks have been made to 14 Jewish community centres in the US, officials say.
A human rights group has rejected a Mexican government investigation into the disappearance of 43 students in Guerrero state.
A plan for 200 homes near Carrbridge has been rejected by the Cairngorms National Park Authority.
Police used a rarely used power to stop and search people in Colchester after a number of people were stabbed.
Force India's Sergio Perez has signed a contract extension with the team for 2017.
A 15-year-old girl has died after getting into trouble in the sea at a Northumberland beach.
Reports of dogs killing or injuring farm animals in Scotland have risen by 55% in the past year, according to Police Scotland.
The former Liberal Democrat peer Lord Avebury has died at the age of 86.
The Ghostbusters universe could be expanding to include 20 films, TV shows and merchandise.
A 37-year-old man has admitted murdering a teacher who was found dead in a hotel room.
(Close): The S&P 500 closed at a new record high, helped by a rally in bank and energy stocks.
A £5 coin has been issued to mark Prince George's first birthday.
The chief constable of Northumbria Police is retiring after 32 years as a police officer.
Hundreds of people have attended a vigil in Cardiff to show support for the victims of the Charlie Hebdo terror attacks in Paris on 7 January.
The plastic £5 note is being introduced in Northern Ireland.
A £1m cigarette factory has been uncovered in Birmingham.
Downton Abbey has been recommissioned for an eighth series of eight parts.
A photograph taken during a 24-hour photography contest has been named the winner.
The Burrell Collection in Pollok Park, Glasgow, will reopen in 2020 after a revamp, the city council has announced.
A stream which was straightened 100 years ago has been restored to its original meandering course.
The British conductor and pioneer of the early music movement Christopher Hogwood has died at the age of 64.
Airbus has cut production of its A380 super-jumbo to just eight a year from 2019, blaming a lack of orders.
Cultural projects across the north of England are to share £15m, the government has announced.
House prices in the UK rose by 8% in the past year, according to the latest official figures.
Teaching assistants in County Durham could lose up to £4K a year after the council voted to change their contracts.
A Singapore museum is returning a bronze statue to India after it was allegedly stolen from a temple 10 years ago.
A 19-year-old woman was shot dead while driving in Pennsylvania, police say.
The inquest into the deaths of 11 men killed when a plane crashed on to the A27 during an air show has been delayed.
The Irish Open will be held at Ballyliffin in 2019, the European Tour has confirmed.
More than 200 pupils at a school in Gloucestershire are suffering from a stomach bug, the head teacher has said.
The only independent radio station in Zimbabwe that broadcast news in English has ceased broadcasting after running out of funds.
Pakistan will play in the World Twenty20 in India, the Pakistan Cricket Board has confirmed.
Former Peterborough manager Chris Turner has died at the age of 68.
Betty Churcher, a prominent Australian art curator who championed the work of Australian artists, has died at the age of 84.
About 60 prisoners have escaped from a jail in Papua New Guinea, the latest in a series of mass breakouts from the facility.
The Mexican comedian Ruben Aguirre has died at the age of 88.
A search has begun for the remains of a man who disappeared 17 years ago in Dublin.
Formula 1 will not use a double points system for the final race of the season.
British Swimming performance director Chris Scott has resigned following a review of the team's performance at the 2012 Olympics in London.
(Close): Shares in British Airways owner IAG fell 5% after the company issued a profits warning.
Taylor Swift's song Shake It Off has been disqualified from the countdown of the year's best songs.
Renault is likely to quit Formula 1, the company's chairman has said.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower on Wednesday, with banking shares helping to lift the index.
Family Guy is leaving the BBC after nine years.
Sir Paul McCartney has topped a list of Britain's 110 billionaires, according to the Sunday Times Rich List.
Cannabis campaigner and author Howard Marks has died at the age of 70.
At least 18 people have died in a crash between a tour bus and a lorry in Germany.
The city's planning committee has postponed voting on authorising the construction of 492 new homes in East Jerusalem.
A 16-year-old boy has been jailed for raping two girls and sexually assaulting another.
A collection of World War Two medals valued at £200 has been stolen from a house.
The city of Eugene has defended its right to host the 2021 World Athletics Championships.
The last secretary of Nazi propaganda minister Joseph Goebbels has died in Germany aged 106.
A truck bomb explosion in Baghdad has killed at least 38 people, Iraqi officials say.
Chris and Gabby Adcock are aiming to help Britain win a first world badminton title since 2011.
Russian security services have arrested 54 people suspected of belonging to the Japanese doomsday cult Aum Shinrikyo.
Germany's central bank has said the country should consider raising the retirement age to 69.
Police in North Dakota say they have arrested 38 people during an operation to remove protesters from land owned by a pipeline company.
A man who tried to rape a woman in Canterbury has been jailed for 12 years.
The Rugby Players' Association has criticised Premiership Rugby's decision to extend the season to 10 months.
Vandals have damaged the windows of about 25 cars in the north of Edinburgh.
A scheme which put 171 bicycles on Dumfries streets is to be scrapped.
A 51-year-old man has appeared in court charged with the murder of his sister in Dundee.
Online grocer Ocado has reported its first annual pre-tax profit for 2014.
Wales are determined not to let the opportunity to qualify for Euro 2016 slip through their grasp again.
Lewis Hamilton says he is not worried about his 17-point deficit to Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg after the Bahrain Grand Prix.
A research centre focused on marine energy is to receive £18m of European Union funding.
A 40-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences in West Sussex.
A Flintshire man has been jailed for 12 years for a series of sex attacks on a girl more than 16 years ago.
The Oxfordshire-based Collins Dictionary has named "binge-watch" as its Word of the Year for 2015.
British Rowing has named a 80-strong squad for the World Rowing Championships in Sarasota-Bradenton, Florida.
A partial excavation of a Spitfire Mk 2 plane has been carried out in County Monaghan.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong for a visit marking the 20th anniversary of the city's handover to China.
At least 120 people have been killed in suicide bombings at shrines in Syria, the government says.
Welsh councils have lost more than £1m due to falling global prices for recycled materials.
Hampshire all-rounder Liam Dawson has been recalled to the England T20 squad for the first time.
The final contracts for the 18bn Hinkley Point nuclear power plant in Somerset have been signed.
The number of calls to a welfare helpline for service personnel has risen by 88% in two years, according to the charity.
More than 100 British soldiers have been referred to mental health professionals after serving in Afghanistan, the BBC has learned.
The area of land in Colombia used to produce cocaine has increased by 52% over the past year, according to the United Nations.
At least 102 people have died in a stampede at a Hindu temple in Kerala state in southern India, police say.
A 600-year-old bridge has been uncovered in Rochdale town centre.
The Duke of Cambridge and Prince Harry have marked the 20th anniversary of their mother's death with a visit to a memorial garden in London.
Wales midfielder Craig Crofts has joined Gillingham on loan for the remainder of the season.
The author Jackie Collins has died at the age of 77 after a short battle with breast cancer, her family has announced.
Aston Villa have been taken over by Chinese businessman Dr Tony Xia for £136m.
The man who led the restoration of Cardigan Castle has resigned after 30 years because of "virtual persecution".
A free school supported by David Cameron has been rated "inadequate" by Ofsted within 14 months of opening.
Wales can expect to see winds of up to 70mph as the remnants of Hurricane Gonzalo hit the UK.
Plans to develop the site of a former football ground in Stoke-on-Trent have been approved after it was left empty for 20 years.
BBC Two's Film 2016 presenter Claudia Winkleman is leaving the show after one series.
Football fans are used to watching the World Cup in bite-sized chunks.
Australia beat India by 25 runs in the fourth one-day international in Canberra to complete a series whitewash.
French rider Pierre Rolland won stage 16 of the Giro d'Italia as overall leader Tom Dumoulin retained the pink jersey.
Former Israeli President Shimon Peres has died aged 93, the country's president has announced.
Eleven members of a lifeboat crew have resigned in a dispute over the treatment of a colleague.
Atletico Madrid coach Diego Simeone has extended his contract with the Spanish champions until 2017.
Austria will stop accepting 3,000 migrants per day from the Balkans, the government says.
The French Football Federation (FFF) is hoping Michel Platini can lead them to the 2018 World Cup.
A judge has ruled that hundreds of thousands of passengers who have been waiting for compensation for delayed flights should receive payment.
It would take 28 years to bring the Welsh rail network up to the prescribed standard, the economy secretary has claimed.
The National Crime Agency is hunting 76 British fugitives in Spain.
Residents and commuters in north London will face years of disruption because of the HS2 high-speed rail link, Labour has claimed.
Plans for more than 700 student apartments in Belfast city centre have been submitted to the city council.
A legal battle over the proposed M4 relief road's impact on wildlife sites has begun at an inquiry.
Development sides will be in action in the third round of the FA Cup when the draw is made on Monday.
Manchester United's move for Real Madrid goalkeeper David de Gea has hit a snag with the Premier League transfer deadline not closing until 18:00 BST on Tuesday.
A collection of pushchairs and toys spanning 22 years has sold at auction for more than double its estimate.
The French man who created the Etch A Sketch has died at the age of 86.
Manchester United will be drawn against one of the teams listed below when the Europa League last-32 draw is made on Friday.
Scarborough Athletic FC has played its first home game in 10 years after moving back to the East Yorkshire town.
A man has admitted importing more than 47 stun guns into the UK.
Mobile network operator EE has been testing the use of drones and balloons to boost mobile coverage.
Scientists have found a fossilised fruit in Argentina that is 90 million years old.
A grandfather who murdered his baby granddaughter has been jailed for a minimum of 20 years.
Italy midfielder Daniele De Rossi has extended his contract with AS Roma until 2016.
Northern Ireland businesses are set to vote by 89% to remain within the European Union, a survey by the Chamber of Commerce has indicated.
Sri Lanka great Kumar Sangakkara has retired from international cricket after a 17-year career.
A 91-year-old cyclist has died after a crash during a timed distance trial.
The 50th anniversary of the West Indian Carnival in Leeds is to be marked with a series of events.
Police are hunting a burglar who stole rare porcelain cups and saucers made 247 years ago.
Police Scotland is investigating an allegation of sexual abuse against former Labour peer Lord Janner by a 79-year-old man.
South Korean tech giant Samsung Electronics has said its operating profit for the fourth quarter fell 15% from a year earlier.
A 95-year-old widower was invited to a radio station after calling in to talk about his feelings.
A new vein of the rare Blue John stone has been discovered in Derbyshire for the first time in more than 100 years.
A drug dealer has been found guilty of killing a 20-month-old son of his partner.
Northstone Building Products, the Belfast-based building materials group, has seen a drop in turnover and profits in 2012.
A year of regular exercise can improve memory and increase the size of the brain in people in their 60s, a study suggests.
Three men who tried to smuggle 20 people into the UK in the back of a lorry have been jailed.
US safety regulators have closed an investigation into a fatal crash involving a Tesla Model S car operating in Autopilot mode.
Google has reported a 17% increase in first quarter revenue, but its shares fell after hours as the company missed analysts' expectations.
Millwall were reduced to 10 men and beaten by Coventry at The Den.
Liverpool have appointed former Portsmouth and Plymouth boss Sean O'Driscoll as a first-team coach.
The sister of a schoolgirl who disappeared 20 years ago has appealed for information to find her killer.
The government has committed £10m to building a new hospital in Bridgwater.
Ireland lost the first of three Twenty20 matches against Afghanistan in India after a close contest in Greater Noida.
Blackburn Rovers have appointed former player Paul Dunn as the club's academy manager after a 20-year playing career at Ewood Park.
At least 32 people have been killed in a series of bomb attacks across Iraq, officials say.
Actress Tippi Hedren has said she was sexually harassed by Alfred Hitchcock when she was 24.
At least 27 US military academy cadets have been injured during an annual pillow fight.
Tributes have been paid to a former Barnsley footballer who has died at the age of 93.
Mario Balotelli has thanked Manchester City for "an important part of my life and career" after his £1m move to AC Milan.
Windows 8 will use pictures to replace passwords, according to Microsoft.
More than four million fans attended Scottish Professional Football League games in the season just ended, the first time attendances have topped four million in nearly a decade.
Italy coach Antonio Conte will be replaced by Gian Pierro Ventura after Euro 2016.
The mother of murdered toddler James Bulger has said she believes one of his killers should not be released from prison after 20 years.
A driver caught speeding on the M8 has been given a court summons.
Three elderly men who caught an 18-year-old man burgling a house have been given bravery awards.
Gareth Batty has been re-appointed as Surrey's county captain for 2016.
British actor David Johnson, who appeared in films including The Pink Panther Strikes Again and The Wicker Man, has died aged 89.
Harlow is celebrating its 70th birthday this year after being designated a new town in 1947.
A 16-year-old boy who killed a fellow pupil in a fight at school has been jailed for eight years.
Tennis star Venus Williams is being investigated over a car crash that killed an 89-year-old man in Florida.
England manager Mark Sampson has named a 23-player squad for a training camp in Spain.
Kevin Pietersen has scored his first century since joining South African side Dolphins in a Twenty20 match.
Hosting the Rugby World Cup matches in Newcastle has brought an estimated £43m of economic impact, organisers have said.
A zoo has taken in 32 bearded dragons abandoned at the zoo by a friend of a disabled man.
A fund to support artistic collaborations between Wales and India has been launched to mark the 2017 UK-India Year of Culture.
Four environmental groups have opposed plans for a new £45m golf course in the Highlands.
Lancashire all-rounder Tom Smith has retired from cricket at the age of 33.
The UK's inflation rate rose above 0% for the first time in 12 months in January, according to the Office for National Statistics.
The process of removing a hairpin bend on the A9 has moved a step closer.
The first scheduled airline flight to Barra has landed on the island to mark its 80th anniversary.
Transport for London will provide a £10m loan to the Garden Bridge project after talks over its funding broke down.
Nottinghamshire lead Somerset by 94 after day three of their Division One match at Trent Bridge.
Cardiff council is drawing up plans for a 20-mile cable car system to be built in the Cardiff Bay area.
Scientists have used stem cells to create insulin-producing cells that could cure type 1 diabetes.
An Irish priest who was killed in Albania 82 years ago has been named among a group of martyrs by the Vatican.
Italian police say they have led an international operation targeting a jihadist group that has resulted in the arrest of 13 people.
A Northern Ireland woman has been caring for 19 bats because of the poor summer weather.
A Labour-run council is planning to cut more than £40m from its budget.
Churches in Wales are to hold services to mark 20 years since women were first ordained as priests in Wales.
A 29-year-old Swiss woman has been gang raped in the northern Indian state of Himachal Pradesh, police say.
One of the heroes of the French Resistance, Raymond Aubrac, has died in Paris aged 102.
Nigerian police have arrested 16 people suspected of being gay in the commercial capital, Lagos, local media report.
Former college bosses spent more than £1m on luxury gifts including football season tickets over 100 years, it has emerged.
England pace bowler James Anderson has taken his one-day international wickets tally to 237, breaking the record for an England bowler.
Germany's economy grew at its fastest pace in more than a decade in 2016, according to preliminary official figures.
A Turkish F-4 Phantom fighter jet has crashed in southern Turkey, killing two military personnel on board.
Lancashire Police will have to cut a further £25m from its budget, its chief constable has warned.
A council that banned live animal exports paid out more than £5m in compensation, it has emerged.
Livingston moved back to the top of League One after a narrow win over Hamilton Academical.
Monty Python star Michael Palin is to receive the 250th Bafta TV fellowship.
Polish film director Krzysztof Wajda has died at the age of 90.
Former University Challenge stars Eric Monkman and Bobby Seagull are to present a new show on BBC Radio 4.
One-time costs of £560m have hit Barclays' third quarter profits.
A 1st Century BC Iron Age settlement has been discovered by archaeology students in Dorset.
The US has charged seven Iranian hackers with a campaign of cyber-attacks on 46 major companies.
At least 26 militants have been killed in a US drone strike in north-western Pakistan, officials say.
An Iranian court has sentenced a US scholar to 10 years in prison for allegedly collecting confidential information about Iran's military.
A new £4m media centre in Carmarthen is at risk of losing Welsh Government funding, BBC Wales has learned.
Tom Daley won the 10m platform silver at the FINA World Championships in Kazan, Russia.
Northern Ireland striker Willian Jose Washington says he is targeting Euro 2016 after his rapid rise to prominence.
Tennis star Andy Murray's jockey Tom Queally has been banned from driving for 18 months after being convicted of drink-driving.
The British Racing Drivers' Club has ended talks over the sale of Silverstone, the home of the British Grand Prix and the British F1 circuit.
North Korea could send athletes to the 2018 Winter Olympics in South Korea, says the International Olympic Committee.
A man has been arrested for a second time in connection with the murder of a schoolgirl 52 years ago.
A music festival in the south of Scotland has been cancelled for 2016.
Glamorgan head coach Robert Morris says signing fast bowlers will be a priority in the close season ahead of 2017.
Bolivia has voted in a referendum to change the constitution to allow President Evo Morales to run for a fourth term in 2019.
Hampshire and Middlesex won their T20 Blast matches to keep their South Group hopes alive.
A public inquiry has begun into plans to convert a stretch of the M4 in Berkshire into a "smart motorway".
The Welsh government has said it will not create 10 marine conservation zones after receiving "divergent and strongly held views".
A fresh investigation into the murder of a Derbyshire woman 40 years ago has been launched.
A 20-year-old man has been charged with supplying the drug that killed a woman in a suspected "drug deal gone wrong".
Portugal has become the first European country to offer citizenship to the descendants of Jews expelled more than 500 years ago.
An 11-year-old boy was unable to board an overbooked Air Canada flight, despite having a ticket.
Fifteen-year-olds in Northern Ireland are the happiest with their lives, according to an international study.
England spinner Danielle Hazell will miss the first of three Twenty20 internationals against Pakistan because of a back injury.
British snowboarder Chloe Potter says she is aiming to compete at the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Norway's worst ever mass killer, Anders Behring Breivik, has complained about his prison conditions in a letter to the authorities.
More than 60% of you correctly predicted the top three finishers in the British Grand Prix.
At least 100 people have died in flash floods in northern Indonesia, officials say.
A woman has told a court a man sexually abused her more than 40 years ago when she was a child.
Ninety-five per cent of junior doctors who took part in a ballot have voted to strike, the British Medical Association has said.
The Queen has tweeted for the second time to thank people for their birthday wishes on her 90th birthday.
The Scottish fund management company Alliance Trust has announced plans to cut costs by 20% and has said its chief executive will leave the board.
More than 20 million people in China are at risk of drinking water with unsafe levels of arsenic, according to a new study.
About 20 people have been arrested during a protest at Liverpool Town Hall over proposed cuts to the city's budget.
Boeing has unveiled a new, larger overhead luggage bin for its 737 aircraft.
More than 300 Syrian refugees have been resettled in Wales by the end of last year, according to the Home Office.
Former Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg has claimed that in 2014 England and Wales had the highest incarceration rate in Western Europe.
Southern rail has increased the amount of compensation it pays to passengers for delays by 50% in one year.
Former Nottingham Forest striker and Scotland international Frank McGovern believes Ryan Burke can become a "very, very good player" after his £13m move.
Justice Clarence Thomas has asked his first question in 11 years during a Supreme Court hearing.
A by-election will be held on 23 March to fill the vacant seat in the Scottish Parliament.
The Northern Ireland Assembly election was not caused by the Renewable Heat Incentive scandal, DUP leader Arlene Foster has said.
The Xbox One will not support virtual reality, the head of Xbox has confirmed.
Cardiff-based brewery SA Brain is planning to open 50 coffee shops in the next three years.
Manchester City have signed Valencia defender Nicolas Otamendi for £32m on a four-year deal.
A man who murdered a Glasgow pensioner in a "brutal" attack must serve at least 13 years in prison.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho believes his team can go unbeaten in the Premier League for the next 10 games.
A 15-year-old girl is in hospital with serious injuries after a hit-and-run which left her in the street.
Up to 70 jobs are at risk at the Tannoy plant in North Lanarkshire.
Fifteen girls who were at the centre of the Holy Cross dispute are claiming criminal injuries compensation.
The copyright on Adolf Hitler's book Mein Kampf has expired 70 years after his death, allowing it to be republished for the first time.
A military plane carrying 200 people has crashed in Myanmar, killing all 106 of those on board, state media say.
Newsweek has published its final print edition after 77 years, becoming the latest magazine to move online.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after a crash on the M6.
International students contribute £257m a year to the Scottish economy, according to a new report.
Police are hunting for a man who stabbed another man in the stomach at Glasgow's 78 nightclub.
Uefa has charged England and Serbia after the two teams' Under-21s clashed during and after their European Championship play-off.
Councils across south Wales are to receive almost £10m for housing and regeneration projects.
The growth in global energy demand was at its slowest since 2009, according to the British oil giant BP.
Nottinghamshire have re-signed Australia all-rounder Dan Christian for next year's T20 Blast competition.
Police investigating the death of a schoolgirl found dead 21 years ago have said they have a new DNA profile of her killer.
Japan's stock market has suffered its sharpest fall since 2004, with the Nikkei 225 closing down more than 1%.
A Kent island where bodies were buried more than 200 years ago is slowly being washed away by the sea.
A man who targeted a police helicopter with a laser pen has been jailed for 14 months.
Northern Ireland will host the 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games, it has been officially confirmed.
Footfall figures for Borders town centres in 2016 have been revealed by Scottish Borders Council.
The first hurricane of the 2015 Atlantic season has formed, US forecasters say.
England rugby players will receive significantly higher match fees from the next season, which starts in 2017.
A record by Billy Fury has been revealed as the third biggest-selling single of the 1960s.
A 21-year-old man shot dead at a birthday party in Surrey was celebrating his own birthday, police have said.
A discount on bus travel for 16-18 year olds will continue until a new scheme is introduced, the Welsh Government has said.
Former Open champion Paul Lawrie says he will have foot surgery later this year in a bid to extend his career at the age of 49.
Wales has marked the 100th anniversary of Armistice Day with a service at a national field of remembrance.
American Jason Bohn has suffered a mild heart attack and missed the cut at the PGA Tour's Honda Classic.
Oil prices have fallen more than 6% following OPEC's decision to maintain oil production levels.
A dangerous driver who led police on a high-speed chase across the A27 has been jailed for 15 months.
At least 10 people have been killed in a gunfight between rival drug gangs in northern Mexico, officials say.
The Lion King has been named as one of the new additions to the US National Film Registry.
At least 160 people have been killed after a church roof collapsed in southern Nigeria, officials say.
Ireland were beaten by seven runs by Afghanistan in the second one-day international in Greater Noida.
Sam Vokes believes Wales can qualify for the 2018 World Cup if they beat the Republic of Ireland in Dublin on Sunday.
Police are investigating the death of a 31-year-old woman in a flat in Aberdeen.
A man who hacked into email accounts belonging to prominent US politicians, including Hillary Clinton, has been sentenced to 20 months in prison.
DJ Chris James is to be made an honorary doctor by the University of East Anglia for his work with BBC Radio 1.
Gambling revenue in the Chinese territory of Macau reached an annual record for the second year running in 2010, officials say.
Tata Steel has been fined more than £1m for a health and safety breach at its plant in Scunthorpe.
A record 35 new distilleries opened in England and Wales last year, according to a new report.
A Bedfordshire airport could accommodate 30 million passengers a year under new expansion plans.
A man who admitted sexually assaulting a 12-year-old girl has been jailed for his crimes.
Former Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has announced he will retire from football at the end of the year.
Gusts of up to 90mph have hit north Wales as a storm swept across the country.
12 Years a Slave has made the top 10 of US box office charts for the first time since its release, nine months ago.
The number of people diagnosed with syphilis in London has risen by 163% in the past five years, according to Public Health England.
The search for the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 will be easier under a new global system to track planes.
Former Wales and British and Irish Lions scrum-half Mike Phillips has signed a one-year contract with Sale Sharks until 2017.
A 40-megawatt hydroelectric power scheme has been withdrawn.
Up to 20 people in a Cardiff-based heroin supply network have been jailed.
A £250m development in Newcastle has officially opened.
At least 18 people have been injured in a train collision in California, officials say.
The number of people prosecuted for animal cruelty in Wales has risen by 20% in the past year, according to the RSPCA.
Cancer patients are not being seen and treated as quickly as they should be within 62 days, figures show.
The Football Association and Premier League clubs will donate £1m to the Grenfell Tower disaster fund.
The Co-operative Group has seen its share price rise by more than 10% after the company reported a big improvement in its finances.
Nek Chand, the creator of India's famous Rock Garden, has died at the age of 90.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is to hold talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin in the Black Sea resort of Sochi, her first visit to Russia in two years.
The 350th anniversary of the Great Fire of London is being marked with the release of special stamps.
Prince Harry has celebrated his 33rd birthday in the South American country of Guyana.
Swansea City's former chairman and chief executive Gwilym Joseph has died at the age of 90.
Sheffield United have released 10 players at the end of the season.
Five former Argentine military officers have gone on trial for alleged human rights abuses 40 years ago.
At least 12 Australian women have attempted to travel to Syria to join the Islamic State group, Australian police say.
More than £5m will be used to compensate retired Welsh firefighters for a pension shortfall.
The US has appointed an ambassador to Cuba for the first time in 54 years.
A man who killed his wife of 25 years has been spared jail after a judge ruled he was suffering from an abnormality of the mind.
The number of cannabis farms discovered in the UK has increased by more than 100% in four years, according to police.
Hearts supporters could own the majority of the Tynecastle club by 2019 under a new proposal.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says reaching the Europa League knockout stages would be the biggest achievement of his career.
Paul Sheerin has left his post as Arbroath manager to become assistant to Aberdeen boss Derek McInnes.
Troy Polamalu has retired from the NFL at the age of 33.
A £20m Olympic-sized swimming pool is to be built in Derby, the city council has announced.
UN human rights investigators are considering publishing the names of more than 200 suspected war criminals in Syria.
Protests against water charges in Ireland have been attended by thousands of people.
A new online database of 390 species of trees and shrubs has been launched by scientists.
Russia will "probably" sack manager Leonid Slutsky after failing to qualify for the Euro 2017 World Cup in Russia.
Police searching for the remains of a schoolgirl who disappeared 60 years ago have found five "items of interest" in a canal.
More than one in 10 children admit to checking their mobile phones for notifications at least once during the night, a survey suggests.
A Chinese takeaway worker who tried to kill a colleague with a cleaver has been jailed for 12 years.
More than 600 staff at a hospital are struggling to find a parking space, it has been claimed.
Glasgow Warriors scrum-half Gregor Murray says the team are confident they can retain their Pro12 title.
West Bromwich Albion striker Sandro Berahino has been banned from driving for 10 months for drink-driving.
Ecuador will hold a second round of its presidential election on 19 February after no candidate won a majority in the first round.
More than 100 US government employees' email addresses and passwords were found on the internet, a security firm has said.
Olympic bronze medallist Zoe Smith will compete for a place in Rio at the European Weightlifting Championships in Norway on 10 April.
US Soccer has recommended that children under the age of 10 should not head the ball in training.
Aberdeen-based oil services company Proserv has won two contracts worth more than £10m with oil and gas firms.
A US jury has heard graphic details of the injuries suffered by victims of the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings.
The US has objected to the Afghan government's decision to release 88 prisoners, saying it would be a "major step backwards".
The BBC has unveiled its broadcasting team for the Rio 2016 Olympics.
A Â£10m manufacturing base for the oil and gas industry is to be built in Angus.
A lorry has crashed into a house and the A44 has been closed in both directions after the incident.
Richard Linklater's coming-of-age film Boyhood has been named the best film of 2014 by the New York Film Critics Circle.
More than 600 objections have been received by the council over plans to create a new school campus in Gwynedd.
Jamie Roberts will lead the Barbarians against Cambridge in the Varsity Match on 27 January.
Land Rover has unveiled the first images of its new Defender, which is due to be launched in 2015.
A 100-year-old lido in Reading is to close after the council said it was no longer fit for purpose.
Darren Stevens scored an unbeaten 100 as Kent took control against Essex in their Division Two match.
Dyfed-Powys Police officers will start using 400 body-worn cameras to record their interactions with the public.
Here's a selection of reaction to the violence at Donald Trump rallies and the US presidential election campaign.
A school has sent home 73 pupils on the first day of term for not adhering to new strict uniform rules.
A US missionary has been sentenced to 15 years hard labour in North Korea for crimes against the state.
Average speed cameras are to be used on the M8 to manage traffic during roadworks.
A British student has been jailed for 15 months in the United Arab Emirates for possession of a small amount of cocaine.
Golf could be booted out of the 2016 Rio Olympics if the PGA Tour does not do more to tackle doping, says the International Olympic Committee president.
Newly released CCTV footage of the Sydney cafe siege shows the final hours of the 16-hour siege.
A man who posted offensive comments about the death of a murdered toddler on Facebook has been jailed for 12 months.
Plans for a £100m retail development in Northamptonshire have been approved by the local council.
Greenhouse gas emissions in Scotland fell below the target level for the first time in 2015, according to official figures.
Manchester City's £10m bid for West Brom defender Jonny Evans has been turned down by the Premier League club.
A new education workforce council will regulate more than 120 organisations, including youth support workers and work-based learning practitioners.
Insurance firm Royal Sun Alliance is to close its Birmingham office with the loss of 190 jobs.
Gemma Arterton is in talks to star in a musical version of the 2010 film Made in Dagenham.
Two men who were convicted of selling more than 115 stolen sheep have been jailed.
The Orange Order has said it will hold a controversial parade in north Belfast on 12 July.
Real Madrid have been asked by Fifa to provide information on 51 players over the past five years.
Scott Commons says he is enjoying his loan to Hibernian but has no plans to extend his stay beyond 31 January.
The BBC has extended its deal to broadcast the Six Nations rugby tournament until 2017.
Footballers may wear poppies on their armbands in the 2018 World Cup qualifier between Wales and Scotland.
A science centre in Cardiff will lose its Welsh Government funding by 2021, the education secretary has confirmed.
David Tennant and Billie Piper are to appear in a special episode of Doctor Who to mark the show's 50th anniversary.
Middlesex have re-signed New Zealand great Brendon McCullum for the 2017 T20 Blast.
(Close): The US stock markets ended lower on the last trading day of 2015 as oil prices rose but failed to make much headway.
Tesco has sold its US food chain Fresh & Easy to an investment firm for $100m.
A wildlife rescue charity has dealt with 25 incidents involving swans entangled in fishing tackle in the past year.
A pub bought by 70 shareholders is to reopen after a "long and difficult" six-month process.
Anna Christian and Mel Lowther have been selected to represent Great Britain at the UEC European Road Championships in Denmark next month.
Italian police have arrested 71 people in an investigation into match-fixing in football.
A prison which has seen a rise in assaults on staff has been described as "not a sufficiently respectful" place to be in following a four-year gap since its last inspection.
Cheltenham Town scored twice in the last 10 minutes to beat Forest Green Rovers and end the hosts' 15-match winless run.
Boaty McBoatface has surged to the top of an online poll to name a new £200m polar research vessel.
A bubble tea chain will pay staff the minimum wage after a row over workers being asked to train for free for up to 40 hours.
A 34-year-old man has been arrested by detectives investigating the phone-hacking scandal at the News of the World.
A 201-year-old windmill has reopened to the public after a major restoration.
England will face World Cup holders New Zealand in the group stages of the 2015 final at Twickenham.
A mosque in Florida has been dropped as a voting site after four years, drawing criticism from some politicians.
At least 15 people have been killed in bomb attacks on military sites in Yemen's southern city of Aden, officials say.
Iran will have a record 18 women in its new parliament, the president has said.
A woman in Canada has been left homeless after a fire destroyed her house of 30 years.
A 15-year-old student is under arrest after a teacher was stabbed at a school in Bradford.
At least 31 people have died in mudslides in the Colombian department of Antioquia, officials say.
The veteran US journalist Gwen Ifill has died at the age of 74 after a battle with cancer.
UKIP is targeting the 2016 assembly election in Wales with the aim of winning seats in Cardiff Bay.
Small European eels have been found in a Norfolk river for the first time in eight years.
A firefighter has been sacked after it took 87 minutes for the fire service to receive the first 999 call about a house fire.
Jenson Button says he will retire from Formula 1 at the end of the season.
Former Conservative politician Lord Waddington has died at the age of 78.
Camera maker GoPro is cutting about 250 jobs as part of a turnaround plan.
The chief of staff of Yemen's president has been released by Houthi rebels after 10 months in captivity.
North Korea is holding local elections for the third time in its history on Sunday, 2017.
Guy Martin will not race the Honda CBR1000 Fireblade at next month's Ulster Grand Prix.
A firm which makes plastic bags has said it has had to make 40 people redundant because of a fall in demand following the charge for bags.
The UK's vote to leave the EU has led to the biggest fall in consumer confidence in 22 years, a survey suggests.
A man has been jailed for perverting the course of justice after a 17-year-old boy was killed in a hit-and-run.
Double Paralympic champion Clare Brown has ruled out switching disciplines to try to qualify for Rio 2016.
Cardiff Blues extended their winning run in the Pro12 to 12 with a narrow victory over French side Pau.
A 20mph speed limit is to be introduced across most of Edinburgh's streets.
There are seven female chief executives of FTSE 100 companies.
A Grade II-listed 120-year-old theatre is to be auctioned off after a community group failed to take ownership.
A 78-year-old woman has been killed in a deliberate house fire in Kilmarnock.
Edinburgh will host the 2017 European Champions Cup final, European Rugby has announced.
Tottenham have signed Spain striker Roberto Soldado from Valencia for around £26m, making him the club's record signing.
A woman who has given birth to six children has been sterilised after a judge ruled she was not fit to make her own decisions.
Six of the 60 teams that submitted plans for the reconstruction of a Georgian mansion have been shortlisted.
A photographic exhibition has been held to mark 50 years since a Victorian railway station in Nottingham closed.
A postcard has arrived in Swansea after being delayed 30 years in the postal system.
The number of accidents in 20mph zones in Manchester has not fallen as quickly as expected, a report has said.
A man who escaped from custody 43 years ago has been given a suspended prison sentence for possessing a huge arsenal of guns.
Up to 76 jobs could go at Telford's South Shropshire College, the college has said.
A man who spent 23 years in prison for murder has been cleared of the charge in the US state of Michigan.
More than 50% of businesses in the Leith Walk area are putting their trade waste in communal bins, according to the City of Edinburgh Council.
A 93-year-old former actor has changed his mind about the assisted dying law.
Three of 10 homeless people in London have been recognised for their contributions to society in the New Year's Honours list.
India completed a series whitewash over Sri Lanka by beating them by 237 runs in the second Test in Colombo.
The Lawn Tennis Association plans to invest £250m improving tennis facilities across the UK.
BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game at the 2014 Fifa World Cup in Brazil.
The UK music industry generated record revenues last year, according to the British Phonographic Industry (BPI).
Two men who died in a crash on the A713 in Dumfries and Galloway have been named by police.
Fast bowler Boyd Rankin will return to play for Ireland for the first time since 2012.
The new county cricket schedule for 2018 has been described as "the most radical in the game's history".
Leeds Rhinos are facing a £1m bill to repair their flood-damaged training ground.
At least 17 people have died in a fire at a factory in Bangladesh, officials say.
Terry Simpson has become the first artist to win the John Moores Painting Prize twice, after winning the 30th edition.
People who nap for longer than an hour during the day are more likely to develop type-2 diabetes, a study suggests.
A man who drove 600 miles to help Manchester bombing victims said he was "inspired" by the "humanity" he saw.
Police in west Belfast have found 16 petrol bombs in a street.
Six Scots have been named in the Great Britain athletics squad for the 2016 Olympics in Rio.
Police in India have found 17 aborted female foetuses in a ditch in the western Indian state of Maharashtra.
A man who made a hoax call to a hospital which led to the evacuation of 27 people has been jailed.
A quarter of the world's food supply passes through narrow sea routes that could be blocked by climate change, a new study says.
A portrait of a shopkeeper painted on the door of his Gloucestershire store 60 years ago is to be restored.
Welsh rider Elinor King says she may compete on the track at the 2018 Commonwealth Games.
A £3m package to speed up autism assessments for children in Northern Ireland has been announced.
A suicide bomber has killed at least 32 people at a football tournament in Iraq, officials say.
Saudi Arabia has announced a £500m luxury tourism project along the Red Sea coast.
A 16th Century Tudor hall has been severely damaged by fire.
An Indian court has rejected a request by two Italian marines to go home for Christmas ahead of the trial over their shooting dead two fishermen off the coast in 2012.
Tributes have been pouring in on Twitter within 90 minutes of the news of Muhammad Ali's death.
A barracks in Powys is to close in 2024 as part of a UK military reorganisation.
More than 100 skeletons have been discovered in the city centre of Peterborough.
Featherstone became the first team to reach the last eight of the Ladbrokes Challenge Cup with a 6-try victory over Halifax.
The inquest into the murder of 10 Protestant workmen by the IRA has been delayed because there is no coroner available.
A missing part of a German encryption machine used by the Nazis to send secret messages has been recreated using a 3D printer.
England's Matthew Fitzpatrick carded a 66 to retain his lead at the halfway stage of the Hong Kong Open.
Meet the 11-year-old chess prodigy who is the youngest ever grandmaster in the US.
England manager Roy Hodgson says he will not consider selecting West Ham striker Andy Carroll for Euro 2016 if he is not convinced he is in form.
Bob the Builder is back on the air for a 16th year.
Zambia has given 100 Chinese nationals arrested for illegal mining 14 days to leave the country, the Chinese government says.
The original 14th Century structure of Auckland Castle has been uncovered during an archaeological dig.
Three contracts worth more than £400,000 have been approved for work on Dundee's waterfront.
Israeli police have shot dead a gunman who killed three people in attacks in Tel Aviv on Thursday.
(Close): Shares in Paddy Power Betfair helped boost the FTSE 100 after the firm reported strong results.
The government has been accused of letting down women aged 60 and over over pensions.
A £10m National Lottery grant has been awarded to a project to restore a Grade I-listed building in Ceredigion.
Richard Fletcher has been appointed as the new chairman of Notts County, with the club's chief executive overseeing the business side of the operation.
Up to 100 jobs could be at risk because of a potential delay in the construction of a tidal lagoon project in Swansea Bay.
An annual classic car show in Coventry will not take place in 2015, its organisers have said.
The first full trailer for the 2015 James Bond movie Spectre has been released.
A Walkers crisp factory in County Durham is to close with the loss of 378 jobs.
The Welsh government has given £4m to the developers of a new inland surfing lagoon in Conwy county.
Blink 182 guitarist Tom DeLonge has quit the band, according to his bandmates.
Police are hunting three men after a cash-in-transit van was robbed at gunpoint in Glasgow.
Former Wales striker Dean Saunders faces a parking bill of up to £1,000 at Euro 2016 after leaving his car at the airport.
Wales lock Luke Charteris is set to join Bath from French Top 14 club Racing 92.
A £30m housing project to build social rented homes in Scotland has been given the go-ahead after a council pension fund agreed to invest.
A Bangladesh man who was separated from his family for 26 years has been reunited with them after he was deported from Pakistan.
More than 50 pedigree puppies were seized by animal welfare charities from two vehicles at Irish ports.
Some of Britain's butterflies could become extinct by 2050 as a result of climate change, according to new research.
The NHS 111 non-emergency hotline is at risk of compromising patient safety due to high call volumes, a report has warned.
A man who charged thousands of pounds in interest for illegal loans has been given a suspended jail term after paying back the money.
Antonio Conte has been appointed as Italy coach for Euro 2016.
Coca-Cola has reported a 4% fall in first-quarter profit as it struggles to boost sales in key markets.
Hollywood actor George Clooney has surprised a 92-year-old care home resident by turning up at her birthday party.
More than 100 doctors have written to voters urging them not to back the coalition for a second term.
Previously unknown 16th Century defensive walling at Edinburgh Castle has been uncovered during excavation work.
Wrexham have appointed former player Dean Keates as their new manager after a 20-year playing career.
The government has confirmed it will train an extra 1,500 doctors each year to help tackle the shortage of medics in the NHS.
Opium production in Afghanistan has reached its highest level in eight years, according to the United Nations.
The death toll in an attack on a military base in southern Libya has risen to 140, the army says.
Girls are being married off as young as 10 in some of the world's poorest countries, a new report says.
The M1 was closed for about 20 minutes on Saturday night because of a suspected engine fault on a plane.
Spotlight has been named the best film of 2015 by the New York Film Critics Circle.
Matchboxes were a common sight in India for more than 100 years.
Gavin McDonnell will defend his WBA world super-bantamweight title against Mexico's Juan Carlos Rosas on 9 April.
New Zealand's oldest pelican has died at the age of 37, Wellington Zoo has said.
One of the greatest ice hockey players of all time, Canadian Gordie Howe, has died at the age of 88.
A US law firm is to create 97 new jobs in Belfast.
A woman who has been selling Remembrance Day poppies for more than 75 years has said she will not be doing it this year.
Headingley could host a day-night Test in 2017, Yorkshire's chief executive has said.
A plan to build 510 homes on a former airfield in East Yorkshire has been rejected by the government.
Charlton Athletic have reappointed Jose Riga as head coach, three years after his previous spell at the club.
The US economy grew at its fastest pace in more than two years in the final three months of 2014, according to the latest official figures.
General Motors (GM) has said it will stop selling cars in India from the end of 2017.
Rescuers in New Zealand are trying to save about 50 pilot whales that have beached themselves in the north-west of the country.
England have recalled Lancashire batsman Liam Livingstone in their squad for the three-match Twenty20 series against Pakistan.
Eye surgery at a Somerset hospital has been suspended after 62 patients experienced problems with their vision.
A coach and lorry have collided on the A34 in Oxfordshire, leaving three people injured.
Two councils have criticised a new traffic scheme on the A27 in West Sussex.
Stormont MLAs have rejected a call to reduce the £90 parking fine.
Elvis Presley's friend and assistant Joe Esposito has died at the age of 80.
Hampshire captain James Vince says he is using the World Twenty20 as a platform to secure his place in England's squad.
ScotRail is to recruit up to 100 new train drivers as part of a nationwide drive to boost the number of drivers across Scotland.
Researchers are to re-interview people who took part in a health study in Aberdeen 50 years ago.
Former Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli has announced her retirement from tennis with immediate effect.
Teams have failed in their attempt to persuade F1 bosses to revert to the 2015 qualifying system.
Southampton have signed Nathan Redmond from Norwich City for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £6m.
Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino says there is "no price" for selling striker Harry Kane, who he would want £75m for.
The number of cases of measles in south Wales has exceeded 100, according to health officials.
A decision on the future of Perth's 20th Century concert hall could be made as early as next week.
A 31-year-old man has been found dead in a flat in Inverness and is being treated as a murder.
An exhibition is being held to mark 20 years since the closure of Ipswich Airport.
British soldiers spent less than half of World War One on the Western Front, a study of soldiers' diaries has found.
The row over a Conservative group leader's support for an M4 relief road has been played down.
A 51-year-old former youth player has made allegations of historical sex abuse at a football club.
An 18-year-old man has died after attending a birthday party in south-east London.
South African-born gymnast Nile Wilson has moved back to his home country in the hope of reaching the 2016 Olympics.