Medieval graffiti has been found in 100 churches in Norfolk, according to a new survey.
A 10-year-old boy is in a critical condition after being set on fire by another child in Texas.
A man has admitted being involved in a plot to smuggle cocaine worth £40m into the UK.
Many stars have expressed their shock and sadness at the lorry attack in Nice, which killed at least 84 people.
The families of the 96 victims of the Hillsborough disaster have been honoured with the Freedom of Liverpool.
British athletes including Dina Asher-Smith and Adam Gemili will compete at the World Indoor Championships in Portland on 18-20 March.
Leigh Centurions have signed Australian half-back Daniel Mortimer on a deal until the end of the season, with an option for 2017.
A court in Somalia's capital, Mogadishu, has ordered the deportation of 400 foreigners.
Monsoon rains have killed at least 100 people in South Asia in the past few days.
Tiger Woods has spent more than 10 years in the top 100 of the world rankings for the first time since 1996.
Volleyball will miss out on the 2021 Island Games because of space constraints on Guernsey.
Luis Suarez will return to Anfield for a charity match against Liverpool on 2 May.
At least 27 people have been killed in a train derailment in Burma, officials say.
Facebook has been given 24 hours to stop tracking non-users of its website in Belgium.
South Africa's Western Cape province has declared a disaster affecting more than four million people hit by a drought.
(Close): Shares in Glencore plunged another 10% on Monday, dragging the FTSE 100 index down with it.
Roadworks on the M1 in Northamptonshire will cause delays for motorists this weekend.
A girl who suffered brain damage after medical negligence has been awarded damages of more than £10m.
Harry Kane wants to play for England at the 2015 European Under-21 Championship, manager Roy Hodgson has said.
Kent and England opener Robert Key has announced his retirement from all forms of cricket after 18 years with the county.
A man who stabbed a 17-year-old to death in Gloucestershire has been jailed for life.
Pope Francis has sent a message to the families of victims of the bombing of an Argentine Jewish centre 20 years ago.
Michael Phelps has announced he will not compete at the 2020 Olympics after his final race in Rio on Saturday.
A 21-month-old boy has lost his eye after being hit by a drone.
Guns N' Roses have announced a string of European dates for 2017, including a return to Slane Castle - where they played in 199
Wales secured a play-off place for Euro 2017 after a goalless draw with Austria in their final qualifier in Cardiff.
The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey is to have its world premiere in New Zealand, 10 years after the Lord of the Rings trilogy began.
The latest Hunger Games film has taken more than $135m (£85m) in the UK and US over the weekend.
Police have re-opened the investigation into the murder of a man with learning difficulties in Belfast 14 years ago.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) is moving more than 400 jobs to India, the bank has said.
Honduras has suspended 10 of its consuls in the US over allegations they sold fake IDs to illegal immigrants.
India's new government will present its first full budget on 10 July, a month later than usual.
The average cost of car insurance in the UK has risen to £781, according to a comparison website.
A man has been found guilty of owning a dog that killed a 10-year-old girl.
Los Angeles has formally launched a bid to host the 2024 Summer Olympics.
The founder of a children's hospice has died at the age of 58.
Linen hire firm Fishers has opened a new £10m laundry facility in Central Scotland.
A theme park where a 11-year-old girl died after falling from a water ride will reopen on Saturday.
The last words spoken by the pilot of missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 were "all right, good night", the Malaysian transport ministry says.
Tyrone will face Derry in the Ulster SFC semi-finals on 29 January, 2017.
A Sheffield engineering firm has won a series of contracts worth more than £10m that will safeguard 100 jobs.
A 70-year-old cancer survivor has become the oldest person to reach the South Pole unsupported.
The number of people living with cancer in Scotland has increased by 17% in the past five years, according to a charity.
A man who sexually assaulted four young girls over a 22-year period has been jailed for 10 years.
Sam Smith's debut album has spent its sixth week at the top of the UK album chart.
Former Glamorgan coach and player John Derrick has died at the age of 54 after a long battle with cancer.
Walsall remained unbeaten in 10 League One games as they beat Peterborough United at London Road.
The FA Cup third round throws up 35 ties over the weekend, with the winners of the replay between Fleetwood and Leicester City joining the action.
The number of stray dogs put down by councils in Northern Ireland has fallen in 2016, according to a new survey.
A murdered woman's body was hidden in a garden for 12 years, a court has heard.
A dog that had been missing for 12 days has been rescued from a gorge in the Highlands.
A couple who kept the body of a man they claimed to be their husband for 10 years have been jailed.
A man who has been jailed 10 times for swearing has been jailed again for breaching an ASBO.
India has agreed to buy 36 Rafale fighter jets from France, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced.
Oscar-winning film Chariots of Fire is to be re-released in cinemas to mark its 30th anniversary.
Microsoft is considering bidding for the core internet business of Yahoo, according to reports.
A plane crash in Cuba has killed 61 people, the country's Civil Aviation Authority says.
Fast and Furious 6 has topped the UK box office, knocking The Great Gatsby into second place.
China has sent 10 ships and boats near disputed islands in the East China Sea, Japan says.
At least 39 people have been killed in an attack in the Chinese region of Xinjiang, state media say.
Taylor Swift is being accused of ripping off a fan's copyright over a drawing used in the artwork for her 1989 album.
Sussex seamer Matthew Hobden has died at the age of 22, the county has announced.
The barcode is celebrating its 60th birthday - but it took 22 years to become a household name.
A teenager who was badly injured in a crash while racing in Formula 4 has thanked everyone for their support.
A leading economic research institute is to be expanded with a £1m investment.
Ulster will be without Jared Payne and Andrew Trimble for Friday's Pro12 game at Cardiff Blues.
A housing association has admitted building 55 homes in York out of place.
Producers of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child will start turning away fans who have bought tickets from touts on 1 July.
Olympic champion Hannah Mills will try out a new class of sailing after Rio 2016 before deciding whether to return to the 470 class.
A coffee cup used by Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has been sold on eBay for £51 for charity.
Londoners have a say in who runs their transport system for the first time since 2012.
Labour MP Graham Allen has announced he will not stand in the 2017 general election in June.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, recovering from a fall below the 6,000 mark earlier in the week.
A former soldier blinded in a bomb blast in Afghanistan in 2009 is bidding to compete for Great Britain in the 2016 Rio Games.
Haiti has announced plans to re-establish an army for the first time in 25 years.
A 17-year-old boy who stabbed a man in the head in a "vicious" attack has been jailed for 12 years.
Great Britain have won 10 medals at the Rio Olympics, their best tally since the 1908 London Games.
A charity has criticised a company selling a week's work experience to schoolchildren for £1,000.
Ireland have appointed former Sri Lanka fast bowler Chaminda Vaas as a consultant for the World Twenty20 in India.
Liberia has reported its first case of Ebola since 28 May, 72 days after the last reported case.
A former Scout leader has been jailed for 12 years for sexually abusing boys over a 40-year period.
A World War Two veteran who was a prisoner of the Japanese for three years has died aged 100.
A team of historians has identified 19 people as descendants of Leonardo da Vinci, the Italian Renaissance genius.
The MoD has been accused of failing to ensure the safety of soldiers after 78 injuries were sustained by soldiers during training exercises at a Northumberland ranges in the past year
A 42-year-old son has been convicted of murdering his father in a drunken frenzy.
David Florence won the first gold medal of the 2015 canoe slalom World Championships in London with victory in the men's canoe slalom C1.
The head of a trust that runs 14 schools is being investigated by Ofsted.
Former Formula 1 racing driver Sir Stirling Moss is "making good progress" in his recovery from a serious head injury, his family has said.
Lancashire Police has unveiled plans to save £20m over the next two years.
A 14-year-old girl has delivered her baby brother in the US state of North Carolina.
BBC Radio 4 has reversed its decision to axe long-running arts programme Saturday Review.
The 88th Oscars ceremony has seen a significant drop in ratings, according to the latest figures.
Wales could drop to ninth in the World Rugby standings after the Six Nations, says former wing Shane Williams.
About 100 protesters have gathered outside a fundraising dinner for President Trump's re-election campaign in Washington.
Hampshire reached the close of day two of their County Championship match against Sussex on top after bowling out the hosts for 251.
Great Britain's Stephen Milne finished second behind China's Sun Yang in the 400m freestyle at the World Championships.
A new computer is claimed to be 160 times faster than today's machines.
Polling stations have opened across Scotland for the general election on 7 May.
A plan to turn Swansea's Kingsway into a park has been criticised by the city's opposition.
A family of an inventor has been denied £1m after a High Court judge ruled a mistake in his will was not deliberate.
The number of suspected cases of Ebola in Guinea has risen to 122, the health ministry says.
Almost 20 beaches in Scotland have been rated as having "poor" water quality, according to the Scottish Environment Protection Agency.
At least 44 people have died in China over the past three months after being stung by hornets, officials say.
Two of the Pro12's teams have been threatened with expulsion from the league.
One man has died and another is in a critical condition after a crash on the A34 in Berkshire.
Local authorities in England and Wales have passed on debts of more than Â£1bn to bailiffs, according to a new report.
Richard Kilty has pulled out of the World Indoor Championships in Oregon next month.
A group of men allegedly sexually abused girls as young as 12 in a "horrific" series of attacks, a court has heard.
The Scottish government has been accused of failing to learn lessons after a £10bn investment deal with Chinese companies was called off.
Every healthy person carries about 400 DNA variations in their genome, a study suggests.
Australia's third-largest inland city has been hit by its worst flood in 30 years.
A woman who murdered her partner by stabbing him in the neck has been jailed for 18 years.
More than 100 Australian football clubs have issued a statement in support of Indigenous player Adam Goodes.
A family has been reunited with their home after being forced to live elsewhere for 365 days following a sinkhole.
The Northern Ireland Executive is to hold an emergency meeting to discuss the 10 people who have died on the region's roads so far this year.
Six police stations in Gloucestershire are to close as part of a reorganisation of the force.
Plans for 31 new pitches for travellers in Solihull have been approved by the council.
About 750 homes in Blaenau Gwent were left without gas after a water leak flooded pipes.
Two Welsh Labour AMs, Gwenda Hart and Edwina Hart, will stand down at the 2016 assembly election.
The growth of the Scottish economy slowed in the final quarter of 2015, according to a survey by the Fraser of Allander Institute.
More than 10% of shops in London sold knives to children during test purchases, according to a new report.
The DJ and producer best known for his hit Children has died at the age of 47.
At least 37 people have died after a building collapsed in the southern Indian city of Chennai, police say.
Jack and Emily were the most popular baby names in Northern Ireland in 2014, official figures have revealed.
A 13-year-old girl took her own life because of bullying, a campaign group has said.
A £25m restoration of Chichester Cathedral has been given the go-ahead.
The number of new businesses starting up in Wales has fallen by more than a third in 11 years.
A school has defended sending 15 girls home for wearing skirts that were too short.
The stuntwoman who was killed while filming a motorcycle scene for the Deadpool 2 movie has been named as Zoe "Zo" Harris, 34
A suicide attacker has killed at least 20 people in northern Afghanistan, officials say.
A bus and a truck have crashed in Ghana, killing at least 58 people, police say.
Paul Lawrie has credited using an iPhone 6 to find a training aid with helping him improve his game.
The Irish government has announced plans to sell 15% of state-owned Irish bank Allied Irish Bank (AIB) to the public.
Pop star Ariana Grande has cancelled the remaining dates of her UK tour following the Manchester attack which killed 22 people.
Valuation details of homes in South Yorkshire have been lost by a company working on the HS2 Phase 1 rail project.
Glasgow has been selected as a host city for Euro 2020, with Hampden Park set to stage matches.
Former Irish foreign minister Peter Barry has died at the age of 82.
Former Philippine senator Miriam Defensor Santiago has died at the age of 61.
Commuters on Southeastern trains faced delays of up to two hours on Tuesday morning.
The number of people whose identities were stolen by fraudsters rose by 58% last year, according to a fraud prevention service.
Miles Jupp is to be the new host of BBC Radio 4's The News Quiz.
The number of serious further offences committed by offenders being monitored under a system designed to manage dangerous criminals has risen by 25%.
More than one million people had cast their votes by the time the polls closed in Northern Ireland's assembly election.
A council in Hampshire is to close day centres and a residential home for people with learning disabilities to save £1.4m.
A collection of 10 previously unreleased tracks from Bob Marley's concerts is being released to mark what would have been his 72nd birthday.
Indian anti-corruption campaigner Anna Hazare has accepted a glass of juice after his 12-day hunger strike.
A supermassive black hole at the centre of a galaxy has been inactive for at least 10 years, astronomers have found.
More than 100 janitors in Glasgow are set to begin a week-long strike in a dispute over pay.
Scottish soul singer Ally Bain has died at the age of 61.
Scotland has had its wettest winter for more than 100 years, according to the Met Office.
A taxi driver who sexually assaulted two sleeping passengers in the back of his cab has been jailed for 12 years.
Rory McIlroy won the Deutsche Bank Championship by two strokes in his first PGA Tour victory for 18 months.
Alastair Cook has stepped down as England Test captain after leading his country in 59 Tests.
The last living Crow war chief, Joe Medicine Crow, has died in Montana aged 102.
Manchester United have signed England left-back Luke Shaw from Southampton for a club-record £27m.
A Gordon Highlander who survived the atomic bombing of Nagasaki has died, aged 97.
The new individual electoral register will be introduced in 2014, the government has announced.
The chairman and chief executive of 7-Eleven have resigned following allegations that 140 of its franchisees underpaid workers in Australia.
Joan Baez and Don McLean have been announced as special guests at the 2015 BBC Radio 2 Folk Awards ceremony.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, helped by a strong showing from the services sector.
More than 100 pets have attended a Christmas carol service in Dorset.
The number of people needing care as they age will rise by 175% over the next 20 years, a report says.
The Africa Cup of Nations will be moved to June in 2019, African football's governing body Caf has announced.
The proposed merger of O2 and Three will be investigated by the UK's Competition and Markets Authority.
A grieving widower has said he is "ignoring" a £6,200 bill from a council for his wife's burial.
A Florida prosecutor who said she would not pursue the death penalty in a case has had 22 murder cases stripped from her by the governor.
A new tax collection body will be established in 2018 to collect two new taxes being introduced by the Welsh government.
The US government has agreed to pay Iran $8.6m for its surplus stock of heavy water.
A murder investigation has been launched after the body of a 16-year-old girl was found in Greater Manchester.
Guernsey cyclists will be able to compete at the 2019 Island Games after a road race was included in the programme.
Valentine's Day is celebrated on 14 February.
A 27-year-old woman and a child have been injured after a man, 29, was shot dead by police during a hostage incident.
A 15-year-old boy given a community order for carrying a knife has been jailed for stabbing a man.
About 20 people have been left homeless after a fire at a Walkabout bar in Manchester city centre.
Hibernian striker Jason Cummings is aiming to be part of the Scotland squad for the 2018 World Cup.
Climbing is set to make its Olympic debut at the 2020 Games in Tokyo.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) is to investigate 10 officers over their handling of child sexual exploitation in Rotherham.
McLaren boss Ron Dennis says losing is "inevitable" in Formula 1 when you are not winning races.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone says the new qualifying format for the 2016 season will not be ready in time for the first race.
Liverpool have agreed a £29m deal to sign Hoffenheim striker Roberto Firmino.
A Harris Tweed company is to expand, creating 20 new jobs.
Polling stations have opened in the Republic of Ireland for the 2016 general election.
The level of spam emails sent to people's inboxes has fallen to its lowest level in 12 years, according to security firm Symantec.
Salford Red Devils will be without forward Weller Hauraki for their game against Widnes on Friday, 22 April.
Microsoft has changed the way Windows 10 Pro users can download apps from the Windows Store without permission.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens has been named best movie at the 2016 MTV Movie Awards.
A second man has been charged in connection with the fatal shooting of a man in a car on the M62.
Girls are being urged to take action in 16 ways to end sexual harassment in schools during a UN campaign.
A man jailed for 10 years for rape has said he is "not a sex offender" after being made the subject of a sexual harm order.
Two people have been killed and more than 35 injured after an Amtrak train derailed in Pennsylvania, US officials say.
China will close its domestic ivory market by the end of 2017, the government has announced.
A 41-year-old woman has denied murdering an elderly woman and stealing from her.
Two 14-year-olds have been arrested on suspicion of murder after the bodies of a woman and her daughter were found at a house.
Woking secured their first win in five games with 10 men as they beat Eastleigh at the Silverlake Stadium.
A 14-year-old boy has been charged with the rape of a girl in a park.
Former Rochdale councillor Kate Danczuk is standing as a Labour candidate in the 2017 general election.
The co-creator of The Simpsons, Sam Simon, has died at the age of 59.
Coldplay have announced their new album, A Head Full of Dreams, will be released on 4 December.
The trial of an Irish man being held in Egypt has been postponed for the 18th time.
A 29-year-old man has been arrested after police recovered cannabis plants and seized a firearm during a raid in Perth.
Paul Hollywood has said he will continue to be a judge on The Great British Bake Off on Channel 4.
Aneurin Donald says Glamorgan are aiming to reach T20 Blast finals day after beating Somerset.
A Trislander aircraft with a famous face has made its final flight after 35 years in service.
A man who has been homeless for 10 days since the imposition of an SRO says it has left him unable to claim benefits.
More than 30 firefighters are tackling a blaze at a recycling plant in Newry.
A man has been charged with the kidnap of a father-of-four murdered in County Antrim in 1998.
More than 200 people have fallen ill with a bug in the South West, health officials have said.
Crown Resorts, a major Australian casino operator, says 18 of its employees have been detained in China.
Thailand has transferred 50 police officers as part of a crackdown on human trafficking.
Typhoon Soudelor has killed at least 14 people in China, with more than a million evacuated from their homes.
More than 100 European students have withdrawn their applications to Aberystwyth University since the Brexit vote.
A 19th Century writer used camomile flowers to treat his stomach complaint, it has been revealed.
Michael Dunlop and Guy Martin completed 10 laps of the Cookstown 100 Superbike race before it was red-flagged.
Valentino Rossi won his first MotoGP race for 18 months at the San Marino Grand Prix in Misano.
The leader of a drugs gang has been jailed for 15 years for his involvement in the stabbing of a man in the chest.
The new film Whisky Galore is to be released on DVD on 11 May, following its cinema release.
A call has been made for stops in Bradford and York on a proposed high-speed rail link between Leeds and Manchester.
Wales were denied victory by Israel in their 2017 Euro qualifying campaign in Israel.
An island which has relied on diesel generators to provide electricity for 30 years is to switch to renewable energy.
The founder of the micronation Sealand, which declared itself a sovereign state, has died aged 91.
The health minister has intervened in a row over the underfunding of learning disability services in Northern Ireland by £10m.
The remains of a chapel built by King Richard III in the 15th Century may have been found, archaeologists believe.
Aldershot Town were denied a first home win of the season as 10-man York City held on for a point.
Algeria have appointed former Real Madrid coach Rubi Abdelmoumene Djabou as their new coach from 1 June.
A bride whose wedding dress was lost for more than 100 years has been reunited with it.
Great Britain are aiming to win 10 medals at the European Cross Country Championships in Italy.
A new steel processing plant is to be created in Caerphilly county, creating 15 jobs.
Andy Carroll could return to action for West Ham in their Premier League game against Newcastle on 9 April.
Hampshire have re-signed West Indies fast bowler Fidel Edwards for the 2017 season.
BBC Sport is providing comprehensive coverage of the 2016 Ryder Cup from Minnesota.
Character actor Andrew "Andy" Wingreen, who played the bounty hunter Boba Fett in Star Wars, has died aged 91.
A Taiwanese bus driver who killed himself and 25 others in a crash last month had been planning to take his own life, officials say.
Essex extended their lead over Leicestershire to 47 runs after the Foxes were bowled out for 243 in their second innings.
A man has spoken out about the sexual abuse he allegedly suffered by a GP in Shropshire more than 40 years ago.
Harlequins have signed American football player Psalm Wooching for the World Club 10s tournament in Mauritius this month.
A toddler who fell 35ft (10.7m) from a balcony in the US has survived, doctors say.
Jost Capito has left his position as chief executive officer of the McLaren Formula 1 team.
A 16-year-old boy photoshops his online profile pictures to hide his insecurities about his appearance.
A record number of new cars were registered in the UK in 2016, according to the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders.
A Chinese women's Under-19 team will play in a German regional league next season, according to the German FA.
Germany's economy overtook the UK's in 2013 to become the largest in Europe.
A mother has admitted failing to protect her 18-month-old daughter who was killed by her eldest son.
Yorkshire closed day one of their County Championship match against Nottinghamshire on 170-4, having faced 59 overs.
A car bomb has killed at least 15 people in eastern Iraq, officials say.
The family of US comedian Joan Rivers, who died aged 81, has reached a settlement in a lawsuit over her death.
At least 34 people have been killed in an attack by IS militants on a police base in the Iraqi city of Tikrit, officials say.
People born 10 years later are in better health in their 90s than those born a decade earlier, a study of Danes suggests.
Police are becoming increasingly concerned for the welfare of a 70-year-old man who has gone missing from his Aberdeen home.
Sickness levels for Wales' ambulance staff have dropped by 10% over the past year, according to the latest figures.
A man has admitted stealing the personal details of 1,000 US military personnel and passing them on to Islamic State militants.
Landslides in western Japan have killed at least 45 people, officials say.
World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) has criticised Spain's national football league for going 12 months without any drugs testing.
Edinburgh head coach Alan Solomons believes his side have closed the gap on Glasgow after beating them in the Pro12 for the first time since 2013.
A Surrey hospital trust has reported 22 cases of cancer patients dying after being "lost to follow-up".
League Two club Morecambe have released former captain Mark Hughes and offered a new contract to 37-year-old Kevin Ellison.
A helicopter crash in Siberia has killed 19 people, officials say.
About 100 workers from the UK steel industry are taking part in a protest in Brussels.
Poet John Agard has been awarded the Queen's Gold Medal for Poetry for 2016.
The Daily Mail has paid tribute to its astrologer Jonathan Cainer, who has died suddenly at the age of 58.
Guy Martin's replacement for this year's North West 200 has been signed by the Longshot racing team.
A new DNA technique is being used in the search for the identity of a man murdered in Northamptonshire 85 years ago.
A man has died 13 years after he was shot in the chest in a nightclub in east London.
The number of births in Scotland increased slightly in 2014, according to the National Records of Scotland.
A 19th Century building which was due to be converted into a hotel has been destroyed by fire.
Gareth Southgate has turned down the opportunity to manage the England senior team on a temporary basis.
People withdrawing cash from their pension pots are being charged an average of £1,966 in exit fees, according to Citizens Advice.
High-Rise, 45 Years and Brooklyn are among the films shortlisted for the Evening Standard British Film Awards 2016.
Three men who sexually exploited girls aged 14 and 15 have been found guilty of offences.
India and Pakistan have agreed to hold high-level talks after a gap of more than a year.
Tram tracks which were buried more than 50 years ago have been discovered under a Nottingham road.
A wind farm project in County Londonderry which would create 100 jobs is to go ahead.
England has submitted an expression of interest to host the 2022 Commonwealth Games.
An investigation has been launched into claims staff shortages at the 111 helpline led to clinicians falling asleep on duty.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has executed 15 senior officials so far this year, South Korea's spy agency has said.
Manny Pacquiao will fight Jessie Vargas on 10 September, his manager has confirmed.
At least 10 people have died in flash floods in the Mauritian capital, Port Louis, after torrential rain.
Great Britain boxing team captain Nicola Adams will begin her campaign at the Rio Olympics with a first-round bye in the lightweight category.
More than 100 vehicles have been found after a parking firm that appeared to have ceased trading.
Ireland suffered a 31-run defeat by Bangladesh in their final warm-up match ahead of the Women's World Twenty20.
A man has been charged with the murder of a 22-year-old woman whose body was found in a field.
A family of 10 has turned down a house because it was "too small".
Bernie Sanders has won 100 delegates in three western states, but Hillary Clinton remains the frontrunner.
More than 400 new paramedics will be fully qualified to work for the ambulance service in the East of England.
A flute band is to pay tribute to two of its members who died on the first day of the Battle of the Somme.
An Indian man imprisoned in Pakistan for 30 years has been released and is now on his way home.
The police ombudsman is to investigate claims that an informer could have prevented the 1993 Shankill Road bombing.
New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum was dismissed for 54 as Australia moved closer to a series-clinching victory.
Bosnia's constitutional court has ruled that a disputed holiday commemorating the 1992 Bosnian war is unconstitutional.
A 12-year-old boy at risk of dying from a tumour needs surgery, a High Court judge has ruled.
Gunmen have kidnapped 29 Hazara Shia Muslims in southern Afghanistan, officials say.
A group of scientists is calling for the 2016 Olympics in Rio to be postponed or moved because of the Zika virus.
About 35 cars have been destroyed in a fire at a former factory which has been targeted by arsonists several times.
A council has been told it is failing to tackle the problem of 20 schools that are failing to meet standards.
About 100 people have gathered in Rwanda's capital, Kigali, to protest against the arrest of Gen Augustin Bizimungu Karake
California officials have been forced to abandon plans to cut petroleum use in half by 2030.
Ryanair is to expand at Glasgow and Edinburgh airports, creating about 1,500 jobs.
Two French pilots who escaped from the Dominican Republic while on trial for drug trafficking have returned to France after 18 months on the run.
Women who have had their appendix or tonsils removed are more likely to get pregnant in their 40s, a study suggests.
Cardiff council is considering using £1m to secure a city deal for the capital.
A 50-year-old man cleared of rape has said he is "devastated" by an interim sexual risk order imposed on him.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed slightly lower, with shares in Sky falling after a broker downgraded its rating on the company.
Delta Air Lines is in talks to buy 125 C Series planes, according to reports.
Merseyrail conductors have begun a 24-hour strike in a dispute over the role of guards on trains.
A Welsh Government tourism campaign to attract more visitors to Wales will begin in 2017.
The world's oldest woman, Misao Okawa, has died in Japan at the age of 117.
Yorkshire have re-signed New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum for the 2016 season.
More than 100 fires have broken out in northern Spain, with some blazes threatening villages.
More than 20 Welsh environmental campaigners have travelled to the Paris climate change conference.
Formula 1 team McLaren is creating 250 new jobs at its Surrey factory.
Leinster ran in 10 tries in a comprehensive Pro12 victory over bottom side Zebre at the RDS Arena.
Ferguson Marine has been awarded a £1m grant from the Scottish government to help it rebuild its shipyard.
Cardiff Blues head coach Danny Wilson praised his side's character after they beat Edinburgh with 13 men.
Formula 1 (F1) has announced a partnership with social media platform Snapchat.
Glasgow Warriors have signed Sean Maitland from Super Rugby side the Chiefs, who he joined from the Hurricanes in 2012.
Italian skier Alexandra Vandelli has been forced to withdraw from Channel 4's The Jump after breaking her ankle.
Lionel Messi has met the boy whose picture of him wearing a Barcelona shirt made headlines around the world.
A 12-year-old girl is among 14 people shot at a memorial service in Chicago.
Facebook has apologised after users who had lost loved ones in 2014 were left distressed by its "Year in Review" feature.
Derbyshire beat Worcestershire by an innings and 10 runs to move back into the top four of Division Two.
Two men have been charged with helping the Paris attacks killers, in which 130 people were killed.
Sheku Kanneh-Mason has won the 2016 BBC Young Musician competition.
A Welsh artist has won the Artes Mundi 6 art prize for his work exploring the role of religion in society.
British driver Jolyon Palmer has been retained by Renault for the 2017 season.
The trial of an Irish teenager being held in an Egyptian prison has been adjourned for a 15th time.
A company which believes it can extract lithium from Cornish mines has received £1m from three mining experts.
The murder of a prostitute in 2005 is to be reinvestigated, the Crown Office has confirmed.
Haas F1 Team have launched their new car for the 2017 season, the VF-17.
A design contract for the dualling of the A96 between Inverness and Aberdeen has been awarded.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower, with mining shares falling as metals prices dropped.
The UK has more than a quarter of the world's most congested roads, according to a new study.
A US actors' union has voted by 74% in favour of a strike.
The UK government is trying to keep a Â£13.5m painting by Vincent van Gogh in the country.
S Club have announced a 2015 reunion tour.
The number of cyclists mugged for their bikes in London has risen by 50% in the past three years.
France is hosting a meeting in Paris on Tuesday of 20 countries to discuss the situation in Iraq.
Jeremy Corbyn has pledged to invest £130m in coastal towns if he wins the Labour leadership contest.
A man and a child are in hospital after a chemical incident at a south London leisure centre.
The US government seized data from 381 Facebook accounts as part of a fraud investigation, the social media giant has revealed.
Leicestershire have signed Irish all-rounder Max Sorensen for the T20 Blast.
About 100 people have taken part in the first gay pride march in the Ukrainian capital, Kiev.
Former BHS owner Dominic Chappell has been fined £1,000 for speeding while driving a Range Rover.
Paul Heckingbottom has signed a new three-year contract to remain as head coach of Barnsley.
The Welsh government is set to propose merging Wales' 22 councils into eight or nine new councils.
A Liverpool-based hotel group is to invest £15m in a former Scottish Mutual building in Belfast.
Daimler is investigating emissions in its diesel cars over the past eight years, the carmaker has said.
The far-right One Nation party has won three seats in the Australian Senate, giving it a powerful voice in the upper house.
Police investigating the disappearance of a girl 35 years ago have released a new e-fit of a man they want to trace.
Ann Clwyd will stand for re-election as the Labour MP for the Cynon Valley on 7 May, she has announced.
More than 30 people died around the Scottish coastline last year, according to new figures.
The Scottish Cup semi-final between Celtic and Rangers will be played on Saturday 16 April.
A man has completed a 10-day swim down the River Severn from source to sea.
Two 17-year-old boys who died in a suspected suicide pact were "precious" and "loving", their families have said.
A court order has halted the deportation of 100 African migrants from South Africa.
A new £16m research platform to investigate dementia has been launched with funding from the UK government.
A sea turtle with a broken jaw has been given a new lease of life thanks to a 3D printed prosthetic beak.
A 17-year-old boy was sexually abused by a man he met on Facebook.
Kent Women captain Charlotte Edwards has announced her retirement from cricket after 17 years with the county.
The demolition of a castle in the Highlands 40 years ago is to be commemorated with a series of events.
The new season-ending Davis Cup and Fed Cup finals will be held in Geneva in November 2018.
A memorial service has been held for a police officer shot dead 25 years ago.
Clara Amfo is to take over the Official Chart Show on BBC Radio 1.
The government is to release 30 more files on the Battle of Orgreave, the Home Secretary has said.
A former Olympic athlete and World War II pilot has celebrated his 100th birthday.
A driver who lost control of his car travelling at 140mph has been spared jail.
Plans for a £12m new office development in Wolverhampton have been unveiled.
More than 100 people were underpaid by a new payroll system introduced by a council.
Red Bull have taken up a contract option to keep Carlos Sainz at Toro Rosso for 2017.
Two teeth belonging to King John, who signed Magna Carta 800 years ago, are to go on display in an exhibition marking the document.
A bomb attack on a dog-fighting competition in southern Afghanistan has killed at least 15 people, officials say.
A new £10m health science centre at the University of Lincoln has been allocated £1.5m of government funding.
Drake's One Dance has spent a 15th week at number one on the UK singles chart.
Samsung is to recycle and reuse some of the millions of recalled Samsung Galaxy Note 7 devices to create a new phone.
Frome Town manager Richie Bunyard has been suspended for 18 months by the Football Association for breaching betting rules.
Edinburgh back Blair Kinghorn has signed a new two-year contract with the Pro12 club.
John Lewis has appointed its first female managing director, after a 22-year career with the retailer.
The Irish government has said it will pardon a man who was executed 75 years ago for a murder he did not commit.
Snooker has bid to be included in the Tokyo 2020 Olympics.
British basketball star Drew Sullivan has announced his retirement at the age of 37.
About 100 teachers have gone on strike in Powys in protest at plans to reorganise secondary schools in the county.
A former head teacher of a boarding school has been jailed for 20 years for sexually abusing boys.
Celtic players paid tribute to a 13-year-old boy who died after collapsing during a football match.
A Nigerian man who enrolled in primary school at the age of 83 has died aged 94 after starting secondary school.
Hampshire dominated Lancashire by 478 runs on the first day of their County Championship match at Southampton.
More than 60 jobs are to go at a Terex Trucks factory in Lanarkshire.
A bogus workman conned a 90-year-old woman out of her life savings in a distraction burglary in Glasgow.
The German Medical Association is urging the 27 EU member states to reject a new EU proposal for clinical trials.
The Colombian government has asked the US to investigate allegations that its soldiers abused more than 50 girls and adolescents in the country.
A 13-year-old girl has taken a selfie with Prince William during the Royal Family's Christmas Day visit to Sandringham.
A £2m scheme to help people with mental health problems get involved in sport has been launched.
The definition of a healthy weight has changed over the past 40 years, according to a study.
Shares in Stanley Gibbons have dropped 12% after the rare stamp dealer said it was considering a sale.
Royal Troon has voted to admit female members in time to host the 2016 Open Championship.
Glamorgan beat Gloucestershire by 53 runs in their One-Day Cup match at Bristol.
Scarlets held on to beat Leinster despite the Irish province having a man advantage for the final 20 minutes.
Fast bowler Lasith Malinga has been ruled out of the World Twenty20 tournament in India because of a knee injury.
A man who killed a 36-year-old in an unprovoked attack in a city centre street has been jailed for six years.
Britain's Elinor Barker says she is aiming to break the women's team pursuit world record at the London World Cup.
At least 47 people have been killed by Typhoon Bopha in the southern Philippines, officials say.
Police in Swindon are monitoring up to 30 pop-up brothels in the town.
Newcastle boss Rafael Benitez says the club's £50m January spending spree shows their ambition.
Gary Neville and Ryan Giggs have put their £250m St Michael's development in Manchester on hold.
A British soldier has become the 386th to die in Afghanistan since operations began in 2001.
Home Depot has revealed that hackers stole email addresses from 56 million customers in a data breach.
The veteran Congolese opposition leader Etienne Tshisekedi has died at the age of 84, his party says.
Severe turbulence on an Air Canada flight has left 23 people injured.
Glamorgan have tied Jacques Rudolph to a new contract until 2017.
The chief executive of Northampton Borough Council is to resign after 10 years in the role.
A hospital trust which was put into special measures last year has secured £30m to improve services and recruit more staff.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average has closed at a record high for the 14th day in a row.
A campaign has been launched to remind people that they must register to vote by 20 April if they want to take part in the general election.
The NFL will stage eight games in London in 2017, including two at Twickenham Stadium.
Ulster suffered their first defeat in the Pro12 as Scarlets snatched victory in a tense encounter in Llanelli.
A convicted killer has been awarded £800 after his possessions were lost during a prison transfer.
Amir Khan says he will make his mixed martial arts debut on 11 February.
The Theatre Royal in Nottingham is celebrating 150 years of hosting pantomimes.
The highest mountain in the UK has been recreated in virtual reality.
Scottish badminton player Kirsty Gilmour has announced her retirement from the sport at the age of 23.
Pakistan thrashed Ireland by 287 runs in the first of two one-day internationals in Dublin.
The number of police officers in Wales has fallen by 10% since the Conservatives came to power, Plaid Cymru has claimed.
The collapse of a deal with two Chinese firms considering £1bn of investment for Scotland will not have a long-term impact, experts have said.
Middlesex were left needing to win their final County Championship match against Somerset to win the title after being bowled out for 327 by Lancashire.
Volkswagen (VW) owners are angry that the carmaker has not yet said how it will compensate them for cars fitted with software to cheat emissions tests.
A station in east London has reopened to the public for the first time in 32 years.
Olympic champion Adam Peaty set a new British record to win gold in the 50m breaststroke at the British Championships.
More than 20 people were taken to hospital after a suspected chemical attack at a college.
Girls spend 160 million hours more than boys every week on household chores, a new report has found.
A BBC presenter couple are facing charges of 13 historical sex offences.
A man has appeared in court in the Republic of Ireland charged with the murder of a Belfast man in 2012.
Calderdale Council is to allocate £1m to help residents and businesses recover from the floods.
A restored castle which was once home to the Earls of Pembroke has reopened following a £10m restoration project.
Pakistan beat Scotland by 96 runs in the first of two one-day internationals in Edinburgh.
The number of children reported missing to police in Wales has risen by 21% in the past year, according to new figures.
A memorial service has been held to mark 40 years since a V-bomber crashed into houses in Cambridgeshire.
Worcestershire batsman Alex Gidman has been forced to retire at the age of 36 because of a finger injury.
Nine out of 10 clinical trials for Alzheimer's drugs have failed or been discontinued over the past decade, say US scientists.
A man who carried out an armed robbery at a shop in East Lothian and stole £100 has been jailed.
About 150 homes were evacuated after a gas leak in south-east London.
Southern rail passengers could be affected by strike action from 1 October, the RMT union has warned.
Phyllida Barlow will represent Britain at the Venice Biennale in 2017, the British Council has announced.
Two World War Two soldiers killed in the Netherlands in 1944 have been buried in a service in Wiltshire.
More than 700 historic buildings and sites in England have been added to a register of those at risk.
Zoe Smith produced a stunning comeback to win gold in the -63kg weightlifting at the Commonwealth Games.
Schools in a Cape Town suburb have been closed after a spate of gang violence.
The deportation of a Manchester community worker has been halted for 24 hours, her MP has said.
A £100m retail and leisure scheme has been scrapped after a council and an investment company failed to agree on the scheme.
There are 40 vacant posts for radiologists in Northern Ireland's health service.
Johnny Sexton could return to action for Leinster in their Pro12 game against Ulster on 1 January.
A council has published a list of more than 100 assets it plans to sell over the next four years.
An Aberdeenshire shipping firm has gone into administration, but 100 jobs have been saved.
A school has reversed a decision to let pupils leave early to watch the England v Wales Euro 2016 match.
A 79-year-old woman died after being pushed through the automatic doors of a supermarket, an inquest has heard.
Widnes half-back Brett Finch has signed a new three-year contract with the Super League club.
Motorists are being warned of major disruption as roadworks begin on the M8 in North Lanarkshire.
A government scheme to encourage parents to attend parenting classes cost £2m, figures have revealed.
A 101-year-old woman who was attacked and robbed in Holloway has appealed for the man who stole her handbag to come forward.
McDonald's has extended its sponsorship deal with the International Olympic Committee until 2020.
A tattoo artist who filmed women undressing and using the toilet at his studio has been jailed for 10 years.
A China Eastern Airlines flight to China has been forced to land in Kunming after severe turbulence left 28 people injured.
A steel factory in Newport has gone into administration with the loss of 101 jobs.
Hong Kong beat Scotland by nine wickets in a rain-affected Twenty20 match in Hong Kong.
A 15-year-old boy has been jailed for raping two teenage girls.
Snap's shares will start trading on the New York Stock Exchange at $17, the company has announced.
Up to 1,000 patients may have missed hospital appointments because of an error by a hospital trust.
A book has been returned to a library in County Meath after being overdue for 84 years.
Russia has criticised a US decision to send 300 paratroopers to Ukraine to train local troops.
A campaign has been launched to save an oak tree which experts say has another 150 years to live.
A woman was trapped under a bus after it crashed into a building in west London injuring 11 people.
Storm Abigail is bringing gusts of up to 80mph to parts of the UK.
India and Bangladesh have signed a historic land border agreement to swap 111 enclaves.
Ulster have cancelled the signing of South Africa flanker Arno Botha on medical grounds.
Shares in Anglo American have jumped after rival mining giant Vedanta Resources said it was buying a 12% stake in the company.
Two mass graves containing at least 19 bodies have been found in Tripoli, Libya's new leaders say.
The owners of a stately home which is the largest private house in the UK have put it up for sale for £15m.
Ofcom has warned that the proposed merger between O2 and Three would be "damaging" for UK consumers.
The cast of Goodness Gracious Me are to reunite for a one-off episode to mark the comedy series' 20th anniversary.
A bun-throwing ceremony has taken place in Abingdon for the first time in five years.
The NHS is expected to be in deficit by £1bn by the end of the financial year, a leading health think-tank has warned.
Africa is on the brink of being declared free of wild polio virus, after 30 years of campaigning.
Formula 1 and the governing body FIA have agreed a new 10-year deal.
Kenya's Mary Keitany won her third New York Marathon in a row on Sunday.
John Menzies is set to complete a £150m deal to buy US-based aviation services company Asig.
Customs officers who seized £10m of gold in a smuggling plot are auctioning off the haul.
Rural sports tourism is worth more than £155m to the Scottish economy, according to the rural economy secretary.
Personal data of 2.4 million O2 customers is being sold on the dark net, the BBC has learned.
A Dundee mother-of-13 has said she is "excited" to be launching a new family-friendly fundraising event for Cancer Research UK.
Tunisia gained independence from France in 1956.
Police Scotland has confirmed that 61 police stations in Scotland will close their public counters.
Former Olympic gymnast Louis Smith has won Strictly Come Dancing: The People's Strictly for Christmas.
A steel tube manufacturer has been sold, saving 333 jobs.
A man who fraudulently obtained more than £1m from Mercedes-Benz has been jailed for three years.
Red Bull and Mercedes team bosses believe Formula 1 will benefit from the new ownership of the sport by US media company Liberty.
The BBC's 100 Women season is back for a second year, celebrating inspirational women around the world.
A man has been charged with the murder of a 25-year-old primary school teacher found dead at a hotel.
Wayne Rooney is unlikely to match Peter Shilton's 125 caps for England, says the former goalkeeper.
A message in a bottle sent from Sweden has travelled 5,000 miles to Panama - 22 years later.
A man who was struck by a car on the A78 in East Ayrshire has been named as Michael McLaughlin.
Aneurin Donald says he is not worried about safety as England's Under-19 squad prepare to travel to Bangladesh for the World Cup.
Chinese technology firm Lenovo has reported a 23% rise in net profit for the second quarter.
Manchester United's 10-match unbeaten Premier League run came to an end as Southampton won at Old Trafford.
More than 30 couples have lost their wedding deposits after a hotel closed without warning.
President Donald Trump has praised Russian President Vladimir Putin for ordering the US to cut its diplomatic staff in Russia by 755.
A man has sexually assaulted a 14-year-old girl in Rochdale.
Derby County have appointed former FA youth development director John Peacock as their new first-team coach.
The number of people using public transport in Scotland has fallen in the last decade, according to a new report.
A memorial to 108 people killed in a First World War munitions explosion has been listed by Historic England.
The creator of 4chan, the notorious image-sharing website, has joined Google's Google+ team.
London schools would need to save £360m a year to balance their books, a new report has claimed.
Nico Rosberg has been penalised for receiving illegal assistance from his Mercedes team in the Monaco Grand Prix.
Microsoft has announced that it will launch Windows 10 on 29 July.
Austria's cafes and restaurants will be smoke-free from 2018, the government has announced.
Applications from UK students to start university courses in the autumn have fallen by 6%, Ucas figures show.
A "major" archaeological find of Roman glass dishes made in the first century has been unearthed in Hertfordshire.
More than 100 people have been involved in the search for a missing doctor who went for a walk on a cliff top.
UK housebuilding activity fell in the last three months of 2014, official figures have suggested.
Nigel Farage has missed an appearance on BBC Radio 4's The World This Weekend because of traffic delays.
Nicole Kidman says she feels like she's 21 again, as she prepares to premiere her latest film at Cannes.
A commuter train derailed in New York, injuring at least 103 people, officials say.
People should be given the vote at 16, a think tank has said, to boost turnout and tackle political inequality.
The British woman who survived the murder of her fiancee Peter Falconio 15 years ago has returned to Australia to search for his body.
The Liberal Democrats have suffered their heaviest defeat in Liverpool for 50 years after losing 12 seats in the local elections.
Shares of Australia's biggest iron ore miners jumped by more than 20% on Monday, after a weekend rally in iron ore prices.
The family of a boy who was on board missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has reached a settlement with the airline.
A veteran has been awarded a medal for his service in the Arctic convoys 70 years ago.
Personal information of more than 200,000 people has been leaked online, a security expert has said.
Former Birmingham City manager Freddie Goodwin has died at the age of 77.
US musician Arthur Smith, who had a hit with Guitar Boogie, has died aged 93.
A job advert for the new chief constable of Northamptonshire Police has used the word "jargon" 11 times.
A 3ft (1m) snake has been found in a woman's kitchen drawer.
The deaths of two British soldiers in Afghanistan have taken the number of UK troops killed in a single day to a record high.
A cat has been found 100 miles from home after travelling in the back of a van from London to Reading.
Shares of Walt Disney and Time Warner dropped more than 7% dragging the Dow Jones lower.
Former Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega's right-hand man, Tomas Borge, has died aged 87.
A submerged road, bridges and a telegraph pole have been visible for the first time in 50 years because of a low water level in a loch.
More than 20 children have been rescued from a flooded bus on a school run in North Yorkshire.
Mercedes Formula 1 driver Lewis Hamilton will not face action after being filmed riding a motorbike while using his phone in New Zealand.
England and Great Britain defender Laura Unsworth has been ruled out of the 2015 World League semi-final in South Africa with a knee injury.
The mother of a woman who went missing 21 years ago has said she is "hopeful" after three men were arrested on suspicion of her murder.
A woman who continued to claim her mother's pension for 22 years after her death has admitted fraud.
Improvement plans for a notorious hairpin bend on the A9 in Caithness have been announced.
Brazil's Senate has approved a 20-year spending cap at 1.5% of GDP.
West Bromwich Albion have rejected a £15m offer from Tottenham Hotspur for striker Saido Berahino.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a missing Metropolitan Police officer who had been in the force for 30 years.
Jodie Stimpson secured her place in the British team for the Rio Olympics with victory in the opening round of the triathlon World Series.
GCHQ is set to train 100 students in cybersecurity skills this summer, the intelligence agency has announced.
Ivory Coast have increased their budget for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations by 10%.
A fire service chairman has said he is "concerned" about the future of his service after it was revealed it needs to save £2m.
Two poems by Lord of the Rings author JRR Tolkien have been discovered in a school magazine from 1936.
More than 40 new breweries have opened in Wales in the past five years, according to industry figures.
Elderly patients with type-2 diabetes should not be given certain medications, a study has suggested.
Heavyweight boxing champion Tyson Fury has been named Ring magazine's fighter of the year for 2015.
Aberdeen-based engineering firm Wood Group has seen half-year profits drop by 39%.
Flintshire council is to hold a series of public meetings to discuss how to save £7m over the next three years.
Steven Adams is making headlines for his performances in the NBA play-off series against Golden State Warriors, but a young fan has also caught the attention of the world.
HP has cancelled orders for laptops that were offered with a 93% discount due to a pricing error.
A man has been arrested after a knife attack at a supermarket in Hamburg that left seven people injured.
Boris Johnson has been accused of misleading voters over the amount of money the UK sends to the EU.
At least 107 people have been killed in a crane collapse at the Grand Mosque in Mecca, Saudi Arabia.
The total cost of the Aberdeen bypass has been revealed as £745m, with the Scottish government paying £600m.
A £1m fund to help police officers suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) has been announced.
An Arkansas inmate who escaped from prison 32 years ago has been recaptured.
Malaysian police have arrested 100 foreigners in a raid on illegal immigrants in the capital Kuala Lumpur.
The States of Guernsey will write off £25m of debt for the airline Aurigny.
Former world heavyweight champion Frank Bruno should not return to the ring at the age of 54, says promoter Eddie Hearn.
Leicester City are on the verge of one of the biggest sporting shocks in history by winning the 2015-16 Premier League title.
Australia have made one change to their starting XV for Saturday's crucial Rugby World Cup match against England in London.
The personal information of 100 vulnerable adults was accidentally posted online, a council has admitted.
Machli, a famous tigress of India, has died at the age of 19.
Hibernian have signed former Celtic midfielder Kris Commons on a contract until the end of the season.
An inquiry into child sexual abuse in football has identified 171 more potential victims since it began last year.
Motorists in London could be fined up to Â£200 for littering from their cars from 18 June.
A 93-year-old former Auschwitz guard has died before his trial for complicity in the murders of at least 1,075 people
The number of councils in Wales providing a free pest control service has fallen to 10.
Tottenham secured a valuable point in their Europa League last-32 first-leg tie away to Fiorentina.
The Duke of Cornwall has backed a fundraising appeal to secure the future of the Harrogate International Festivals, which are celebrating their 50th year.
Two piers in Blackpool have been sold for £1.5m.
A memorial service has been held in Birmingham to mark the 40th anniversary of the IRA pub bombings which killed 21 people.
A woman has died following a crash involving a motorbike and a 4x4 on the A96 near Huntly.
At least 10 people have died in wildfires in Tennessee, US, which have destroyed hundreds of buildings.
Beacons have been lit across Wales to mark 60 years of the Queen on the throne.
Durham beat Leicestershire by 11 runs in a high-scoring One-Day Cup match at Chester-le-Street.
Turkish prosecutors have issued an arrest warrant for 112 journalists, including several prominent names.
The Tokyo landmark Hotel Okura is to be demolished after 53 years in operation.
The Duchess of Cambridge has visited Luxembourg to mark 150 years since the signing of a treaty ending the Franco-Prussian war.
The RAF has unveiled a special tribute to the pilots who fought in the Battle of Britain, as part of the 75th anniversary commemorations.
A group of 10 major oil and gas companies have signed up to an initiative to tackle climate change.
Two men who stole £1,000 worth of sex toys from a city centre shop have been given suspended jail terms.
Veterans in Wales have been commemorating the 70th anniversary of VJ Day.
Lancashire batsman Luke Procter made a superb century but Durham beat them by an innings and 10 runs in Division One.
A new railway station in Derbyshire will be built 50 years after the last one was built, the Transport Secretary has announced.
A Rwandan pastor has been convicted of genocide and jailed for 25 years for his role in the 1994 massacres.
Revenue Scotland has collected more than £570m in its first year of operation.
The air pollution in London on 3 January was higher than in Beijing, according to the Labour MP Ruth Cadbury.
A £26m package of infrastructure projects in Hull has been given the go-ahead as part of the city's City of Culture status.
A 17th Century Staffordshire estate could be taken over by the National Trust.
A bridge which is said to be the oldest stone bridge in the country is to be celebrated on its 300th anniversary.
A Russian attack helicopter has crashed during an air show in Russia, killing one pilot and injuring another.
The London Olympics will be broadcast live on 24 additional channels, the BBC has announced.
All lanes will be used for traffic flow 24 hours a day on the M6 from Monday.
Police have arrested 19 men at the Old Firm football match between Celtic and Rangers at Celtic Park.
A hero coach driver has been praised for helping to evacuate schoolchildren after a double-decker bus caught fire on the M6.
Tube drivers' union Aslef will begin a 24-hour strike on 17 February, it has announced.
Ian Bell has signed a new contract to remain at Edgbaston until the end of the 2018 season.
Republican Senator Lindsey Graham has announced his intention to run for the White House in the 2016 presidential election.
A Monmouthshire engineering firm is to close with the loss of 330 jobs.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says he cannot prepare his players for the pressure of a penalty shoot-out at Euro 2016.
Venezuela's electoral council has banned opposition leader Henrique Capriles from holding public office for 15 years.
Japan's benchmark Nikkei index has dropped more than 1% after a key measure of consumer prices in Japan fell for the first time in two years.
Birmingham Bears have signed New Zealand batsman Grant Elliott as their overseas player for the T20 Blast.
David Cameron will be out of office by 8 June, according to a book by The Spectator editor Matthew d'Ancona.
Joe Ledley is included in Wales' 23-man squad for Euro 2016 despite a knee injury.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino has signed a new five-year contract to remain at the club until 2021.
The Bank of England has announced plans to introduce a plastic £5 note.
A campaign has been launched to stop a 25% increase in the cost of a bus pass for Kent schoolchildren.
Inver House Distillers has secured a £50m loan facility from the Bank of Scotland.
Swansea City are in negotiations to sign Chievo striker Alberto Paloschi for a fee of about £5m.
Scotland coach Vern Cotter has signed a new deal to remain in charge until the 2019 World Cup, with Gregor Townsend taking over in June
Gary Johnson set the fastest time during the opening practice session for the Southern 100 road races.
Cel Spellman is to present a new weekly chart show on Radio 1.
Nine pupils fell ill after eating a substance at a school, prompting a police investigation.
Paramedics were allegedly told not to take a 10-year-old boy to a nearby hospital before he died.
A Labour candidate for Broxtowe has said he is considering voting against the HS2 high-speed rail project.
The number of people killed in fires in Scotland has fallen to its lowest level in more than 20 years, according to new figures.
The former Ulster GAA secretary, Danny Murphy, has died at the age of 72.
John Robertson has returned to management after an 18-month absence to take charge of Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
A mountain of more than 100 tonnes of waste has been dumped on a site near Telford.
West Ham have accepted a bid of about £25m from Marseille for Dimitri Payet and the player has agreed personal terms.
Former TV-am presenter Mike Morris has died at the age of 65 after a short illness.
The roof of Cardiff's Principality Stadium will be closed for the Champions League final on 3 June.
Water companies have kept £800m for themselves over the past five years, according to a report by the government's spending watchdog.
Tommy Rae has signed a three-year contract to become the new manager of St Mirren.
New football pitches in Liverpool are to be created as part of a £17m investment.
Professional boxers could compete at the 2016 Olympics in Rio under new rules proposed by the International Boxing Association (AIBA).
The Port of Larne is expecting about 100 lorries carrying apples to arrive over the next few days.
The names of Peaches Geldof, Robin Williams and Jennifer Lawrence were among the most searched-for terms by UK internet users in 2014.
Two amateur golfers have scored aces at the same hole in a round of golf with odds of 25 million-to-one, a bookmaker has said.
A duke has been banned from driving after he racked up 24 points on his licence in less than a year.
A 16-year-old boy has died after being attacked at a school in Aberdeen.
Former All Black Sione Lauaki has died at the age of 34.
Police have arrested 10 people in London in connection with an anti-terror operation.
Wolves have sacked head coach Walter Zenga after 57 days in charge of the Championship club.
Police in the US city of Chicago are investigating after a 15-year-old girl was sexually assaulted in a stream broadcast live on Facebook.
Police in 10 countries have arrested 14 people they say are members of the Anonymous hacking group.
A list of 37 viruses that could cause a global pandemic in the next decade has been drawn up by scientists.
A couple who won £148m in the Euromillions lottery are to be revealed on Tuesday.
More than 50 workers are at risk of redundancy at an Argyll quarry, a union has said.
Facebook, Google and Twitter have agreed to remove illegal content, including hate speech, from their sites within 24 hours.
Essex have been forced to field young players in the T20 Blast after Ryan ten Doeschate was injured in the warm-up.
Norton have announced their riders for the 2017 Isle of Man TT races.
About 150 flats remain unfinished at a waterfront development in Ipswich, administrators have said.
(Close): Unilever shares boosted the FTSE 100, but Burberry shares dragged on the index.
The UK's vote to leave the European Union on 23 June has created uncertainty.
A former NHS boss who fraudulently claimed £1m in salary and expenses has been jailed for 18 months.
Paul di Resta will be Williams' reserve driver for the 2017 Formula 1 season.
The family of a west Belfast man murdered 25 years ago have met police in a bid to re-open the case.
A 12-year-old dog has been beaten by burglars who broke into her owner's home.
A £90m contract to build and run Bristol Arena has been awarded to two US-based companies.
Spain's unemployment rate fell to its lowest level in five years in the last three months of 2015, official figures show.
Principality Building Society has reported a fall in profits for 2015, but said it had helped more first-time buyers.
A 25-year-old man has been shot during an incident at a wedding in Londonderry.
Mercedes F1 boss Toto Wolff is selling his shares in Williams, the team he was closely involved with for several years.
Australia batsman Phil Hughes's family has thanked the cricketing community for its support after his death following a blow to the head.
More than 13 million children in the Middle East and North Africa are out of school because of conflict, a UN report says.
Diane Abbott has revealed she has been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes.
Boris Johnson has accidentally kicked a 10-year-old boy in the face during a game of touch rugby in Tokyo.
A prototype 3D-printed heart model has been created in 10 hours.
Two Belgian police officers who escorted 13 migrants across the border into France have been arrested.
A couple from Northern Ireland who drowned while on honeymoon in South Africa were married just a week ago.
Taking anti-depressants may increase the risk of type 2 diabetes, a study suggests.
The first of 60 new trains to be introduced on the Thameslink network have arrived in the UK.
Sean Lamont says he is delighted to be back in the Scotland squad as he closes in on Rory Lamont's record of 105 caps.
Former Prime Minister Gordon Brown has claimed that Irish people make up 5% of the UK population.
The cost of holiday childcare in Wales has risen by more than 60% in the past year, according to a new report.
A lawyer who used his Oyster card to travel on a commuter rail service 655 times without paying has been jailed for fraud.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, helped by a rise in shares of Easyjet and Capita.
Glamorgan fast bowler Michael Hogan is confident they can beat Yorkshire in the T20 Blast quarter-final.
A £10m project to improve Gloucester Cathedral has been given the go-ahead by the city council.
Striker Nile Ranger has been released on parole after serving 28 days of a 12-week prison sentence.
Norfolk County Council has approved a 2% increase in council tax and a 1.99% rise in social care charges.
(Close): The S&P 500 ended slightly lower on Thursday, with the Dow Jones just managing to eke out a gain.
The Northern Ireland Executive is to invest £7m in City of Derry Airport.
More than 39,000 households were evicted from their homes in England over the past year, according to official figures.
New measures to tackle littering are to be introduced ahead of the Queen's 90th birthday celebrations in 2016.
A historic pear tree is to be cut through by the first phase of HS2, despite winning a national award.
A man who has worked in more than 10 jobs on Orkney for more than 40 years has been named Britain's hardest-working man.
The bodies of 13 young men who were kidnapped in Honduras have been found, police say.
A man who was found to have 1,000 indecent images of children in his possession has been jailed for two years.
Jordan Spieth carded a seven-under-par 66 to take a four-shot lead at the Tournament of Champions in Hawaii.
The Raspberry Pi Foundation has sold more than two million of its computers, which are used for coding and other purposes.
A sold-out event to mark the Queen's 90th birthday has been announced.
Fabián Gómez Romero carded a 65 to win the BMW International Open by one stroke in Munich.
A key road in Caithness is being criticised for taking too long to improve.
The UK economy grew at its slowest pace for more than three years in the first quarter of 2016, according to a survey by the CBI.
A European Film Festival is being held in Inverness with 34 films being shown over five days.
A netball and football coach who has inspired hundreds of girls to take up sport has been named the BBC Wales Unsung Hero 2016.
Aidy Boothroyd has been appointed manager of the England Under-21s on a permanent basis.
The search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 will focus on a new area, officials say, after analysis of satellite data.
Wales was left out of the official Euro 2016 app when it was launched on Monday.
Hal Robson-Kanu is confident he will be fit for the start of the European Championship in France this summer.
A post-mortem examination has found a 23-year-old British student murdered in Thailand died from head injuries.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt expects Johnny Sexton to be fit to face Scotland in the Six Nations opener on 5 February.
A driving instructor who cheated on driving tests has been sentenced to 240 hours of community service.
Scotland has hosted a successful 2016 Homeless World Cup in Glasgow.
Linfield moved to the top of the Premiership with a hard-fought victory over Coleraine at the Showgrounds.
Allowing 16-year-olds to vote would make them more vulnerable to sexual abuse, a Labour MP has said.
An Australian pub made famous by the 1986 movie Crocodile Dundee is up for sale.
David Dimbleby will front the BBC's election night coverage on 8 June, the broadcaster has announced.
A South African girl who became famous for living with progeria, a rare genetic condition that ages the body 10 times faster than normal, has died aged 18
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been in fine form for Manchester United, scoring four goals in the Europa League game against Anderlecht.
Former Scotland manager Craig Brown believes Wales have a good chance of success at Euro 2016.
Radio DJ Dave Cash has been broadcasting on radio for 50 years, he has revealed.
Formula 1 is struggling to attract fans to the German Grand Prix, one of the sport's most historic races.
Three men have died and a fourth is in hospital after a crash involving a coach and a car on the M1.
Plans for up to 114 homes on a former Brooks factory site in Bristol have been unveiled.
The average distance driven by motorists in the UK has fallen since 2002, according to the Department for Transport.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson has signed a new contract with the Championship club until 2021.
A man has died in a flat fire which also injured 10 people.
McLaren have promoted 17-year-old Lando Norris to full membership of their young driver programme.
Liverpool were the biggest beneficiaries of a £127m share-out of Euro 2016 money among European clubs.
A new image of a man police want to trace in connection with the murder of a woman 20 years ago has been released.
A 16-year-old boy has died after suffering a neck injury during a high school football game in Kansas.
Doping in Scottish sport was widespread in the 1980s, a former sprinter has claimed.
An RAF base in Northamptonshire is to be reorganised, affecting 183 people.
A wedding dress which has been in a family for more than 100 years has been returned after going missing.
A former soldier who served in the British Army for 12 years has been told to leave the UK.
Wasps rugby club has raised £15m through the sale of bonds to help pay off debts.
Nick Faldo has expressed an interest in competing in the 2017 Irish Open at Lough Erne.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says they will face a tough World Cup 2018 qualifying campaign against Austria, Republic of Ireland and Georgia.
Karim Benzema's ban from the French national team has been partially lifted, allowing him to return to training.
A campaign to reduce the number of people who have died around Scotland's coastline more than 150 times in the past five years has been launched.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of killing a pedestrian who was hit by a lorry on the A27.
Channel 4 has ended its deal with YouTube to stream its programmes, saying it wants to "focus on bringing online viewers to its own services".
The Royal Navy ship HMS Bulwark is heading to rescue more than 100 migrants in the Mediterranean.
The 20th Commonwealth Games is being hailed as the biggest and best yet.
British crime writer Ruth Rendell, who wrote under the pen name Barbara Vine, has died at the age of 85.
South Wales Police saw the biggest percentage increase in overtime spending of any force in England and Wales last year, figures have revealed.
Roy Hodgson says he has gone for an attacking option by picking Marcus Rashford in his Euro 2016 squad.
Ian Baraclough has been appointed as the new manager of the Northern Ireland Under-21 team.
If UTV sells its TV business to ITVplc, it would leave STV as the last independent Channel 3 broadcaster in the UK.
Police have reopened the investigation into the murder of a woman in north Belfast 29 years ago.
A couple who were married for 66 years have died within hours of each other in a California hospital.
Olympic taekwondo champion Jade Jones says she is in "a great place" to defend her title at the 2016 Games in Rio.
More than 15 GPs have left the profession in Northern Ireland over the past decade, according to the Royal College of General Practitioners.
Marks and Spencer's chief executive Steve Rowe was paid a total of £4.5m for the year, the company has revealed.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, helped by a rise in mining shares and a boost to Coca-Cola HBC.
Adam Peaty won the first of his two gold medals at the European Championships in London on Saturday.
Tributes have been paid to former Dundee United defender Frank Kopel, who has died at the age of 65.
Phil Taylor beat Adrian Lewis to win the World Matchplay for a sixth time in 2016.
Microsoft has changed the way it is upgrading Windows 7 and Windows 8.1 machines to Windows 10 without users' consent.
Harlequins have signed Wales centre Jamie Roberts on a three-year contract.
The founder of the file-sharing site Megaupload, which was shut down in 2012, has announced plans to revive it.
A 16-year-old girl whose body was found dead with stab wounds has been named by police.
Hibernian will begin their Scottish Premiership campaign with a trip to Falkirk on 6 August.
Fans of the original Action Man have gathered for the first time in 30 years to celebrate the 50th birthday of the iconic toy.
A Banksy graffiti artwork in Bristol has been vandalised just days after it appeared.
The Nigerian army says that more than 200 Boko Haram militants have surrendered to the army in the past week.
Fewer than 500 adult apprentices have taken out loans of up to Â£4,000 for their training, official figures show.
Coventry City moved closer to securing their League One status with a win at 10-man Bradford.
Snap elections will be held in Turkey on 1 November, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has announced.
A new polymer banknote introduced in 2015 has been shortlisted for a global award.
Worcestershire will be without Australia all-rounder John Hastings from 10 July when he returns to Australia for treatment on a foot injury.
West Ham United are willing to pay £40m for Sporting Lisbon midfielder Joao Mario.
The cost of clearing up fly-tipping in England has topped £50m over the past year, according to government figures.
Bank of Scotland is to close 49 branches across Scotland, with the loss of 150 jobs.
Grand Theft Auto 5 has been named Game of the Year at the 2013 Golden Joystick Awards.
A Romanian man has been freed after being arrested for stowing away in the wheel compartment of a plane from Vienna to London.
A US judge has rejected BP's request to suspend payments from a compensation fund set up after the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill.
A memorial to the 30 Britons killed in a Tunisian beach attack is to be built in Birmingham.
The Mystery Plays are to return to York Minster for the first time in 16 years.
The last observations made by a $260m Japanese X-ray space telescope have been published.
Apple has agreed to publish a clarification over claims it misled consumers about the capabilities of its new iPad 4G.
(Close): The S&P 500 ended the day flat, despite the US economy growing faster than previously thought in the last three months of 2016
Italian police have seized 781 shotguns in the port of Trieste, officials say.
Thousands of people have gathered at the site of the Nazi concentration camp Buchenwald to mark the 70th anniversary of its liberation.
The number of environmental activists killed around the world reached a record high in 2014, a report says.
At least 32 people have been killed by IS militants in attacks on two villages in Hama province, activists say.
A 14-year-old boy has died after sustaining a head injury during a rugby league match in West Yorkshire.
Cranes have bred in the South West of England for the first time in more than 400 years.
Brazilian side Chapecoense have won their first game since losing 19 players in a plane crash in November.
A couple who lost three children in the Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 crash have welcomed a baby girl.
The Thai army has detained more than 200 people for questioning over alleged involvement in political activities, officials say.
Spider-Man will appear in a Marvel film for the first time in 2016, the companies have announced.
Police have found no evidence of "historic, systematic abuse" of children in Leicestershire after investigating 7,000 people.
The families of 21 people who died in the Birmingham pub bombings are to find out if inquests into the attacks will resume.
Londoners are being urged to remember the victims of the 7/7 bombings on the 12th anniversary of the attacks.
At least 20 people have been left homeless after a fire at a west London tower block.
The traditional lattice pylon has been the mainstay of the UK's electricity transmission network for 90 years.
A biscuit factory in Wirral is to close with the loss of 342 jobs.
A £1bn tidal energy project in Lancashire has been given the go-ahead by the Duchy of Lancaster.
Two car bomb attacks in south-east Turkey have killed at least 11 people, officials say.
Nationwide Building Society has reported its best half-year performance of 2015, driven by a surge in mortgage lending.
Lou Pearlman, the former manager of the Backstreet Boys and NSync, has died aged 62.
The treatment of two Iraqi men by British soldiers in Iraq is being investigated by 100 British soldiers.
Up to 800 jobs could go as a result of the merger of Standard Life and Aberdeen Asset Management.
The Ospreys rugby team has achieved a profit for the first time in its history in 2014-15.
Police have arrested 12 people during a protest in west London over the deaths of two black men in the US.
More than 65% of the most serious emergency calls were responded to within the target time in Wales, according to new figures.
Exeter Chiefs and England second row Geoff Parling will join Super Rugby side Melbourne Rebels in 2019 after the World Cup.
A man who was seriously injured in a crash on the M9 in West Lothian has died in hospital.
Arriva bus drivers in West and North Yorkshire are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay.
Gravesend has been a bellwether seat for 100 years.
A power station which has been in operation for 47 years has closed its doors for the final time.
Singapore has reported its first locally-transmitted cases of the Zika virus, with 41 people infected.
The funeral of one of the 13 people who died in a helicopter crash in Norway has taken place in Aberdeenshire.
The Mexican government has agreed to follow a series of recommendations made by an international panel of experts investigating the disappearance of 43 students in Guerrero state.
A medical diagnostics company owned by a Gloucestershire engineering firm has been closed with the loss of 30 jobs.
England backs Jonathan Joseph and Anthony Watson have signed contract extensions to stay at Bath until 2020.
A suicide attacker has killed at least 10 civilians near a US military base in Afghanistan, officials say.
A 22-year-old musician has died after falling into the River Clyde in Glasgow.
Northern Ireland fans will be able to apply for tickets for the Euro 2016 tournament in France from 10 March.
Luis Figo and Michael Van Praag have become the latest candidates to withdraw from the Fifa presidential election on 29 May.
Taylor Swift has removed her new album 1989 from Apple Music, saying the company is "unfairly" not paying artists during a three-
Scotland generated more than a third of its electricity needs from renewable sources in 2011, according to new figures.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed flat after a mixed session for the UK's top shares.
Chinese clubs could be hit with a 100% tax on transfer fees for foreign players in a bid to curb spending.
Serbia has arrested 40 people on suspicion of corruption, including a former minister and a former head of the anti-corruption agency.
New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum broke Sir Viv Richards' record for the fastest Test century with a blistering 79-ball ton.
Michael Dunlop has set the fastest lap of the week so far as he prepares for the Classic TT.
The BBC has extended its television rights for the 2016 ATP World Tour Finals until 2020.
The government has approved a £100m expansion plan for Pinewood Studios, home of the James Bond films.
The Latvian heart medication meldonium, which was added to the banned list in 2016, will remain on the list in 2017
Shares in Ted Baker have jumped after the fashion retailer reported a 15% rise in sales and profits in the first half of the year.
A man who ran over and killed a cyclist in a "premeditated and cowardly" attack has been jailed for 30 years.
Glastonbury Festival will return to its traditional home at Worthy Farm in 2019, organisers have confirmed.
Clashes between Myanmar's security forces and ethnic rebels in Shan state have left at least 30 people dead, officials say.
Wales fly-half Rhys Priestland has ended his 10-month sabbatical and will return to Bath.
British running legend Dr Ron Hill has completed his 52,490th run - 52 years after he started running daily.
Europe or Great Britain and Ireland have won the Curtis Cup for the first time in 2016.
Scientists have digitally reconstructed a human brain in high definition.
Wolverhampton Wanderers striker Nouha Dicko has signed a contract extension until 2020 with the Championship club.
A 14-year-old girl who died in the Manchester Arena attack has been named locally as Sorrell Leczkowski.
A campaign to save a 16th Century hall "gutted" by fire has been launched by a local MP.
Health ministers from 15 countries in West Africa have agreed to work together to combat the Ebola outbreak.
The inquest into the Glenanne gang murders will resume in June, a coroner has said.
The Philippines has held a memorial service for 57 police officers killed in a clash with Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF) rebels.
Boston has launched its bid to host the 2024 Summer Olympics.
Apple has reported a fall in iPhone sales for the first time in 13 years in the three months to March.
The first interconnector between Scotland and Norway in 20 years has been granted a licence by energy regulator Ofgem.
A hole that opened up in a road in Manchester will remain closed for at least a week, the city council has said.
The Bank of Scotland has issued a new £10 polymer note featuring a steam train crossing the Glenfinnan Viaduct.
About 91% of people in the UK use the internet regularly, according to the Office for National Statistics.
About 100 students were sent to a "learning suite" for wearing the wrong uniform on the first day of term.
A 15-year-old boy has been found guilty of stabbing a boy to death outside his school.
John Simon has left his position as chief officer of F1 at Honda.
The average FTSE 100 chief executive's pay rose 50 times more than the average worker's over the past five years, a union body has said
Wales will not support a British team participating at the 2020 Olympics, says manager Chris Coleman.
Chelsea Manning, the US soldier jailed for leaking classified documents, has thanked President Barack Obama for commuting her 35-year sentence.
Actor Stephen Fry has launched a campaign to save Soho from being "destroyed" by Crossrail 2.
Michael Moore and Werner Herzog will open the 2016 Sundance Film Festival with their new documentaries.
The annual total of home loans reached its highest level since 2008, according to the Council of Mortgage Lenders.
Brazilians have been reacting with surprise to the news that WhatsApp will be banned in the country for 48 hours.
Cricket Scotland have won the International Cricket Council's (ICC) Development Programme Award for 2015.
French club Lille have been criticised for displaying banners at a women's game saying "women in the kitchen" and "men at the stadium".
The first Test between Australia and India in Adelaide will now start on 17 December, three days later than originally scheduled.
Police are dealing with 130 reports of child sexual abuse in Scottish football, the force has said.
Motherwell have confirmed that Stephen Craigan will be in charge for the club's next match on 10 September.
At least 22 migrants have died when their boat sank off the coast of Libya, Italian officials say.
Ireland winger Keith Earls will be available for the match against New Zealand on 5 November.
A psychic has helped to direct a dig in County Donegal in the search for a six-year-old girl who disappeared 34 years ago.
Sharp has unveiled a 4K display for smartphones that offers 20 megapixels per inch.
Liverpool have signed France international defender Mamadou Sakho and Portugal Under-21 international defender Tiago Ilori.
Two Pembrokeshire harbour police officers were caught leaving early or arriving late 116 times, a court has heard.
A taxi driver and his wife have won £1m in the lottery.
The Euro 2016 final was the most-watched TV event in the UK in 2016, according to overnight ratings.
The death toll from the collapse of a garment factory building in Bangladesh has risen to 610, officials say.
East Midlands Ambulance Service (EMAS) has overspent by more than £8m in the first three months of the financial year.
Australian police have arrested a 22-year-old man at the airport for allegedly planning to travel to Syria to fight with IS militants.
Campaigners have protested against plans for 150 homes near a nature reserve home to red squirrels.
A cargo plane has crashed in South Sudan, killing at least 37 people, officials say.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a teenager 30 years ago.
McLaren have signed British Formula 3 racer Lando Norris as a development driver for 2017.
A care home where 10 people died in a fire has been described as "a very good home" by a relative of a resident.
Workers had to scramble to avoid being hit by a 125mph train, a report has found.
Nyquist became the 13th horse to win the Kentucky Derby unbeaten with a thrilling victory at Churchill Downs.
A 12-year-old boy has died at an international scout jamboree in Finland.
Shares in DFS Furniture have plunged after the company warned of a 30% drop in full-year profits.
Former world heavyweight champion Mike Tyson, 50, is planning to make a comeback to the ring.
Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho is set to join West Brom for £15m, subject to a medical.
US comedian and civil rights activist Dick Gregory has died at the age of 84.
Swiss voters have rejected a proposal to limit executive pay in a referendum on the so-called "12:1 initiative" (12 to 1).
A plane was forced to abort its landing at Manchester Airport on Sunday due to strong winds.
A pharmacist who gave a 67-year-old woman the wrong medication, causing her death, has been given a suspended jail sentence.
Peter Trego says T20 cricket is bringing "idiots" to the game after he received abusive messages on social media.
Former England captain Michael Vaughan believes Kevin Pietersen should be recalled for the World Twenty20.
A service has been held in Hull to mark the 35th anniversary of the Falklands conflict.
A motorcyclist who killed a newly-qualified driver in a 120mph crash has been jailed for six years.
The son of Brazilian football legend Pele has been sentenced to 15 years in jail for money laundering.
Indian security forces say they have killed at least 20 Maoist rebels in clashes in the central state of Chhattisgarh.
Leicester Tigers captain Tom Youngs has expressed his concerns over plans to extend the Premiership Rugby season by two months.
Queen's University of Belfast (QUB) has been ranked in the QS World University Rankings for 2015/16.
Police are to review the evidence in the murder of a man shot dead in a woodland dispute 25 years ago.
A Bangladesh bowler conceded 84 runs in a single over in a domestic match in Dhaka on Tuesday.
Crime on Wales' rail network has fallen by 10% in the past year, according to the British Transport Police.
The Thames Barrier has been closed 38 times in a single season, a new record.
A "free week" of travel will be introduced for season ticket holders on ScotRail in 2017.
Matt Lucas is to return to Doctor Who for the spin-off Class, it has been announced.
France defender Raphael Varane will miss the start of Euro 2016 after injuring his thigh in Real Madrid's Champions League final warm-up
Early surgery is beneficial for elderly patients with broken hips within 24 hours, a study has found.
Ebbsfleet United's unbeaten run extended to 11 games after they drew with Maidenhead United.
A serial rapist who attacked three partners over a 17-year period has been jailed for at least five years.
A police car driving at 70mph ran over a foxhound after it ran on to a dual carriageway, a review has found.
Nottingham Forest striker Ben Brereton has signed a new four-year contract with the Championship club.
Australia's "golden girl" Betty Cuthbert has died aged 79 after a long battle with multiple sclerosis.
About 1,000 Bolivian soldiers have gone on strike to demand better treatment and opportunities for promotion.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended higher despite a continued fall in shares in Capita.
More than 100 water voles are being released into the Yorkshire Dales in a bid to boost their numbers.
Northampton Saints have re-signed 10 players from their academy, including England Under-20s fly-half Harry Mallinder.
Roger Federer has extended his contract to play at the Swiss Indoors tournament until 2019.
Welsh actress Deddie Davies has died at the age of 82, her agents have confirmed.
More than 1,000 people in the Highlands have complained about the taste of their tap water and the potential link to skin complaints.
Disney is set to sell its Miramax film studio to a private equity firm for $660m (Â£420m).
World Superbike champion Jonathan Rea won the opening race of the 2017 season in Australia.
Northern Ireland's tourism industry had a record year in 2015, according to new figures.
More than 50 historical abuse allegations against British troops in Iraq have been dropped, the Ministry of Defence has said.
Cervical cancer could be eliminated worldwide in 40 years, the co-creator of the HPV vaccine has said.
The government has pledged £10m to help protect the historic Ironbridge Gorge in Shropshire.
Just over 48% of babies in Scotland are being breastfed at the first health check after birth, according to official figures.
The 2015 World Cup starts on Saturday, 14 February.
Flanker Alasdair Strokosch has announced his retirement from international rugby after representing Scotland 39 times.
A council in Staffordshire has said it will raise council tax to help save £180m over the next three years.
Adam Yauch's former bandmate Adam Horovitz has died at the age of 52.
Four Kazakh weightlifters who won gold medals at the 2012 London Olympics have tested positive for doping.
Brazilian prosecutors have charged 19 people with qualified homicide over the Samarco mine disaster that killed 19 people.
British Summer Time (BST) will start earlier and end later in 2016.
A fresh search is being carried out for a man who went missing 25 years ago, police have said.
New data protection rules will come into force in 2018, the European Commission has said.
Flybe has reported a loss for the second year running, with shares down 40% last year.
Tributes have been paid to a "legendary" 70-year-old DJ from Bristol who has gone missing.
The number of transgender hate crimes reported to the Metropolitan Police in London has risen by 26% in the past year.
Carl Hester and Charlotte Dujardin say they will enjoy every minute of their Olympic gold defence at Rio 2016.
A council has started monitoring 200 parking spaces in Hawick town centre to see if there is a problem with on-street parking.
Libya's eastern authorities have suspended a travel ban on women that was imposed 10 days ago.
Germany's Marcel Kittel has withdrawn from the Tour de France after injuring himself in a crash on stage 17.
Phil Simmons' contract as West Indies coach has been terminated with immediate effect, the West Indies Cricket Board (WICB) has announced.
Jimmy Savile's estate has been ordered to pay £5,332 towards the costs of his legal team.
The Rio 2016 Olympics medals have been unveiled - and they are made from recycled materials.
A school which has been in operation for more than 250 years is to close.
A French-owned company is creating 300 new jobs in County Fermanagh.
Mickey Harte's contract as Tyrone manager will expire at the end of the 2016 season.
Chelsea have signed Leicester midfielder Danny Drinkwater for £35m, subject to international clearance.
The number of children in north Wales who have been reported to police for sending explicit images of themselves has risen by 90%.
Girls start to feel anxious about mathematics at the age of 10, according to a new study.
North Lanarkshire Council has agreed to pay thousands of women workers more than Â£10m to settle equal pay claims.
Inter Milan have sacked manager Frank de Boer after just 85 days in charge of the Serie A club.
Hollywood actor Mickey Rourke has made a comeback to professional boxing 13 years after his last fight.
The Conservatives have taken the Gower constituency from Labour after 97 years.
A report into the causes of flooding in Cockermouth during Storm Desmond, which saw 400 homes flooded, has been published.
Average speed cameras will be switched on the M4 in south Wales on Monday.
An exhibition to commemorate the 30th anniversary of the miners' strike has opened.
UK car production has fallen for the first time in October since 2013, according to the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders.
Airbus shares rose 4.6% after the European plane maker announced a share buyback and higher sales.
Plymouth Albion have raised £1m to build a new stadium, the club's chairman has confirmed.
Up to 10 suspect ballot papers have been found in Glasgow and are being removed from the referendum count.
The Lord Mayor's Show is celebrating its 800th anniversary with a parade through the streets of London.
The early termination of a £800m five-year contract to run community health services in Cambridgeshire is to be investigated.
Carole King will headline a special 45th anniversary show for her seminal album Tapestry at the British Summertime Hyde Park festival.
BBC Radio 1 is launching its own channel on BBC iPlayer.
The number of people claiming unemployment-related benefits in Northern Ireland has fallen for the first time in 10 months.
Glasgow Warriors captain Peter Murchie has signed a contract extension to stay at Scotstoun until 2017.
The University of Wales Trinity St David has told MPs it is confident it can fill a new £30m broadcast centre in Carmarthen.
Chinese police have arrested 100 people for illegally excavating artefacts from an ancient burial site.
Scientists have discovered a hormone that could help treat diabetes - but it took them 200 years to do so.
Bristol City have signed winger Callum O'Dowda from Oxford United for an initial fee of £750,000, rising to £1
Former US President Jimmy Carter has returned to Newcastle 40 years after his first visit to the city.
The new mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, will freeze transport fares from 2017, his office has said.
Chris Ashton's ban for eye gouging will end on 28 February, the Rugby Football Union has confirmed.
The government has announced plans to upgrade the A14 and charge a toll for its use.
Gateshead earned a point in their battle for the play-offs as they drew with Woking, who have now gone 10 games without a win.
Police investigating the disappearance of a teenager 13 years ago have searched land in Staffordshire.
Liverpool have turned down a third bid from Barcelona for Philippe Coutinho, understood to be worth £114m.
The Church of Scotland's leader has designed the final £1 coin to be produced by the Royal Mint.
Manchester City and Ivory Coast midfielder Yaya Toure has been named BBC African Footballer of the Year 2015.
The final staff have left HMP Kingston, which is closing after 175 years.
At least 20 people have died in a crash involving a lorry carrying cement in the Central African Republic, officials say.
A man who was banned from parts of Birmingham for his links to gang crime has been jailed for 18 years for a gang war.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone, 83, has been indicted on bribery charges in Germany.
St Helens will face Catalans Dragons in the Super 8s on Friday, 26 August, the Rugby Football League has confirmed.
Sally Conway won Great Britain's first Olympic medal in the women's -78kg weight category with a bronze in Rio.
A teacher who was suspended after a dispute with a pupil over gay marriage has been awarded £10,000 in compensation.
Boeing has reported a 25% increase in profits for the third quarter, helped by strong demand for its commercial aircraft.
Australia were bowled out for 148 in their first innings against South Africa in Hobart.
Norman Hudis, the creator of the Carry On film series, has died aged 93.
The logo for the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo has been unveiled after a two-year delay.
At least 15 people have been killed in an attack on a hotel in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
A 29-year-old British man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering two women in Hong Kong.
Farmers in China have created 3D images using rice paddy fields to create 10 images of animals and people.
A UN-brokered ceasefire in Syria is set to begin at 00:00 GMT on Saturday 27 February.
A 17-year-old girl has become the first pupil in Scotland to be granted permission to leave school to volunteer as a lifeboat crew member.
A rare Japanese birch tree has been grown from seeds collected in the wild for the first time in the UK.
The leaders of Wales' four main political parties have set out their stalls ahead of the Welsh assembly elections on 5 May.
St Johnstone boss Tommy Wright was delighted with his side's victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle despite playing with 10 men.
Pro Rugby America has threatened to sue the Pro12 league if it expands into the United States.
A cathedral constabulary has been given the same powers as regular police officers for the first time in 80 years.
A public inquiry has begun into plans to demolish 370 terraced houses in Liverpool as part of a regeneration scheme.
Tyler Alexander, a former McLaren team principal, has died at the age of 83.
A former Thai army general has been sentenced to 70 years in jail for human trafficking.
A man has thanked his best friend after she donated her kidney to him after 20 years of friendship.
A memorial event has been held to mark the death of a 17-year-old pregnant girl who was murdered.
Wales lock Luke Charteris is a doubt for the Six Nations match against England on 12 March after suffering a knee injury on 5 March.
A man who murdered a soldier in a "sustained and savage" attack has been jailed for 20 years.
Soweto Kinch is to host a new jazz show on BBC Radio 3.
The history of the Hoppings fair, which is celebrating its 135th year on Newcastle's Town Moor, is to be explored in a new
A suicide attacker has killed at least 15 people in the Afghan capital, Kabul, officials say.
There's been a lot of hype about a new tripartite free trade area in southern and eastern Africa.
A Cornish MP is to try to block the government's plans to increase VAT to 20% from 4 January.
BT has set aside £530m to cover potential legal action over its Italian business.
A silent film about the Scottish fishing industry is to be screened with a live beatboxed score as part of its 85th anniversary tour.
The London Taxi Company has secured orders for 400 black taxis in Saudi Arabia.
The World Expo in Milan has opened on 1 May, with a ceremony attended by the Pope and the leaders of dozens of countries.
The South Korean spy agency tried to influence the 2012 presidential election, an internal inquiry has found.
More than 300 soldiers in the Royal Regiment of Scotland have marched through Edinburgh to "exercise their freedom" of the city.
Kate Winslet has been nominated for an Oscar for her role in Steve Jobs in 2015.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) is to close 62 branches across the UK, including 17 in Scotland.
Tributes have been paid to British author Helen Dunmore, who has died at the age of 65.
A 61-year-old man was murdered in a County Antrim robbery, police have said.
Scottish butchers are preparing to export haggis to the US after a 40-year ban on imports.
Scientists believe they have made the first major breakthrough in understanding how 3D vision works in more than 100 years.
Sebastian Vettel has extended his contract with Ferrari until the end of the 2020 season.
The government is investing £30m in five new railway stations, including one in the north east.
The leader of Swansea council has said he is "confident" the £500m regeneration of the city's waterfront will go ahead.
A 24-hour Tube strike by the Transport Salaried Staffs' Association (TSSA) will go ahead, the union has said.
A new railway station in Ceredigion could be built 50 years after the original was closed.
A Norfolk-based marine survey company has been bought by a Dutch firm in a £50m deal.
Chelsea have sold midfielder Oriol Romeu to Southampton for a fee of about £12m.
Probation staff have supervised 100,000 offenders since the government's reforms were introduced, according to a report.
Manchester United's new signing Anthony Martial has impressed in his first Premier League start, says BBC Sport pundit Martin Keown.
A weekend of events has been held to mark the 950th anniversary of the Battle of Stamford Bridge.
The first oil and gas from a field discovered in the North Sea 40 years ago has been produced.
Scientists in Peru have used 3D printing to replicate the face of an ancient Peruvian woman who lived 1,700 years ago.
Brian Quinn has come up with puns for all 32 counties in Ireland.
Former world champion cyclist Becky James has announced her retirement after 13 years of racing.
Daniel Ricciardo has committed to staying with Red Bull in 2017.
NHS trusts in England will be limited to paying staffing agencies a mark-up of 55% on staff costs.
Peregrine falcons have nested on a building in Ipswich for the first time in 20 years.
West Ham United have failed in their bid to get Vodafone to name the Olympic Stadium after them for £10m.
The government is to ask non-protected departments to find £20bn of savings in the November Spending Review.
A bid to restore gardens created in the 13th Century has been launched.
Plans for a £100m extension to the Meadowhall shopping centre have been submitted to Sheffield City Council.
Conservative peer Lord Maude has announced he will not stand for re-election in 2020 after 37 years as an MP.
At least 15 people have been killed in a fire caused by an explosion of a fuel tanker in north-west Pakistan.
A 70-year-old woman burgled on Christmas Eve has been overwhelmed by the generosity of strangers.
The Scottish Conservatives have pledged to spend £100m on Scotland's colleges if they win the election.
A man who has lived for 30 years after a heart-lung transplant has been awarded a world record.
French police have arrested 10 people in connection with the hacking of a French TV station in April.
Currys PC World has been told it misled viewers by advertising 4K televisions for Euro 2016.
A Bernard Matthews processing plant in Lincolnshire could close with the loss of 80 jobs.
BBC Radio 2 presenter Ken Bruce has paid tribute to his friend Cilla Black on his Sunday show.
Physical inactivity is the dominant influence on heart disease risk in women over 30, a study suggests.
A 20-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the death of a teenager at a caravan park.
A Sheffield councillor has resigned after 13 years in the role to spend more time with his family.
A £200m redevelopment plan for Exeter's High Street has been given the go-ahead by the city council.
Kenya has launched a manhunt for poachers who killed 15 elephants in the country's largest national park.
Greek lawmakers have narrowly approved the 2016 budget, despite opposition from the main opposition party.
Katarina Johnson-Thompson is aiming to compete in the heptathlon at the 2012 London Olympics.
A 15-year-old girl has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in Essex.
Lincolnshire Police plans to sell its headquarters in Lincoln in 2019, the force's new chief constable has said.
A hospital trust has apologised after sending out information leaflets about bowel cancer to 850 patients who were due to have a routine appointment.
The Specials drummer John Bradbury has died at the age of 62, the band has announced.
Japanese striker Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a new one-year contract with Yokohama FC at the age of 49.
The executive is to reallocate £50m to health and other areas.
A legal challenge by the Earl of Derby has won a victory over a decision to refuse planning permission for 1,000 homes.
Cyclist Martyn Irvine has been named BBC Northern Ireland's Sports Personality of the Year 2013.
A car bomb attack has killed three people and injured 14 in south-east Turkey, the Turkish army says.
A public inquiry has begun into plans for a 500-home development near Maidstone.
The experiences of people aged over 65 living in residential care are to be sought by a commissioner.
The UK government has pledged to maintain £6.7m of funding for S4C until a review of its funding is completed.
A tunnel at Glasgow Queen Street Station is to close for 15 weeks from next month for major engineering works.
Australian authorities have returned 46 Vietnamese asylum seekers to Vietnam, the government has confirmed.
MotoGP world leader Marc Marquez won the Japanese Grand Prix to extend his lead over Valentino Rossi.
Red Bull have not ruled out switching to a Mercedes engine in the future.
The Vunipola brothers have been paying a visit to the club where they started their rugby careers at the age of 11.
The world's oldest person, Emma Morano, has died in Italy at the age of 117.
Scarlets hooker Ken Owens says Racing 92 are the dominant team in Europe's Champions Cup.
Councils are to be given £250m to help them return to weekly bin collections, the government has announced.
Sir Christopher Lee has released a new album of heavy metal covers at the age of 92.
Children with type 1 diabetes are being hospitalised more frequently, according to a new study.
A schoolgirl who nearly drowned during a swimming lesson 15 years ago has won a High Court battle for compensation.
Radamel Falcao has been included in Chelsea's 25-man Champions League squad for the second half of the season.
The Grand National field has been confirmed as a full 40 horses, with no late withdrawals.
Actor Geoffrey Hughes, best known for his role in Coronation Street, has died aged 74.
The number of women being diagnosed with lung cancer in Scotland has risen by 97% in the past 30 years, according to new figures.
The cost of filling a typical family car with petrol and diesel has risen by more than 5% over the past month, according to the RAC.
Lancashire moved up to second in the County Championship with a 10-wicket win over Hampshire by an innings and 120 runs.
A "body" in the water led to the call-out of more than 30 emergency services.
Solihull Moors held on to beat Bromley despite being reduced to 10 men.
A graveyard containing 10 skeletons has been found beneath the Corn Exchange in Brighton.
A man who suffered 17 cardiac arrests has thanked paramedics who shocked his heart 17 times to save his life.
One person has been taken to hospital after a crash involving a petrol tanker on the M4 in south Wales.
A 12-year-old girl who was burgled has written a letter to the thieves who took her birthday presents.
A type of vitamin B could help fight infections, US researchers suggest.
Suffolk's fire service has unveiled plans to save £1.3m over the next three years.
More than 100 babies were born addicted to drugs in England last year, figures have revealed.
Former Leinster and New Zealand lock Jono Gibbes will take over as head coach of Ulster in June 2017.
Gemma Tattersall won Britain's first equestrian gold medal of the Rio 2016 Olympic Games.
David Warner hit a 45-ball century in the final session of the drawn Test against the West Indies.
A charity has launched a self-defence kit to help communities avoid being featured on Channel 4 documentary Benefits Street.
The two opposition parties, Labour and the Liberal Democrats, are set to clash over Brexit on 18 July.
New Zealander Joseph Parker will fight Britain's Hughie Fury for the WBO heavyweight title on 10 December.
More than 100 Jewish community centres in the US have received bomb threats on Monday, according to the Anti-Defamation League.
The remains of the 43 students who went missing in Guerrero state were not incinerated, a report by a regional human rights body says.
A development plan for 150 houses in the Cairngorms National Park has been rejected by the Cairngorms National Park Authority.
Police have used stop and search powers to find weapons after three people were stabbed in a town centre.
Sergio Perez will continue to race for Force India in 2017, the team have confirmed.
A 15-year-old girl has died after being swept into the sea in North Tyneside.
The number of incidents of livestock worrying reported to Police Scotland has risen by 56% in the past year.
Liberal Democrat peer Lord Avebury has died at the age of 89.
The original Ghostbusters director Ivan Reitman has said he wants to make 10 films in the franchise.
A 25-year-old man has admitted killing a primary school teacher who was found dead in a hotel room.
Shares of US homebuilders jumped 2% after President Donald Trump met with the heads of the big three carmakers.
A £5 coin is being issued to mark Prince George's first birthday.
The chief constable of Northumbria Police is to retire after 30 years in the job.
A vigil has been held in Cardiff Bay to remember the 17 people who died in terror attacks in Paris.
The new plastic £5 note is being introduced in England and Wales.
An illegal cigarette factory in Birmingham has been shut down after a raid involving 100 officers and the arrest of 10 people.
ITV has commissioned a sixth series of Downton Abbey, which will consist of eight episodes.
The winners of a 24-hour photography competition have been announced.
The Burrell Collection in Glasgow is set to reopen in 2020 after a multi-million pound revamp.
More than 16 salmon have returned to a restored river in the Lake District, just months after the work was completed.
The British conductor Christopher Hogwood has died at the age of 73.
Airbus is to produce its A380 superjumbo at a slower rate, the company has said.
A £15m fund is to be made available to boost the cultural and digital economy in the north of England.
The number of people moving home in the UK has risen by 10% in the past year, according to official figures.
More than 2,700 teaching assistants in Durham County Council are set to lose thousands of pounds a year.
A Hindu sculpture stolen from a temple in India in 1999 is to be returned to the Indian government.
A 17-year-old girl has been shot dead while driving in Pennsylvania, police say.
The inquest into the deaths of 11 people in the Shoreham air crash will not begin until late 2017 at the earliest.
The Irish Open will be held at Ballyliffin in County Donegal in 2018, the European Tour has announced.
A norovirus outbreak has forced a school to send home 26 pupils and a supply teacher.
A short wave radio station that broadcast to Zimbabwe from the UK has closed down because of lack of funding.
Pakistan have been given permission to play in India at the World Twenty20 in March.
Former Peterborough United manager Barry Fry has revealed he has been diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease at the age of 68.
Former Australian art director Betty Churcher has died in Canberra aged 85.
At least 60 prisoners have escaped from a jail in Papua New Guinea, officials say.
Mexican comedian Ruben Aguirre has died at the age of 77, his family has announced.
Irish police have begun a search for the remains of an Irish man who went missing 15 years ago.
Formula 1 has agreed to abolish the controversial double points rule that was introduced last year.
Australian Bill Scott has resigned as British Swimming's performance director following a review of the London 2012 Olympics.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower, with shares in mining giant Anglo American falling sharply after it cut its dividend.
Taylor Swift's Shake It Off has been banned from the 2014 Triple J Hottest 100 countdown.
Renault has not ruled out leaving Formula 1 after the 2015 season.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended slightly lower on Wednesday, with pharmaceutical companies among the biggest fallers.
BBC Three is losing the rights to broadcast animated comedy Family Guy.
Sir Paul McCartney and his wife Nancy Shevell top the 2015 Sunday Times Rich List of music millionaires.
Former drug smuggler Howard Marks has died at the age of 70.
A coach carrying German tourists has caught fire after colliding with a lorry in Germany, killing at least 15 people.
The city council in Jerusalem has postponed voting on plans to build 492 new homes in East Jerusalem.
A boy who raped a 12-year-old girl and sexually assaulted four other girls has been given a five-year jail term.
A number of World War Two medals awarded more than 70 years ago have been stolen from a house.
The city that will host the 2021 World Athletics Championships has defended its bid process.
Traudl Junge, the secretary to Nazi propaganda minister Joseph Goebbels, has died at the age of 106.
At least 73 people have been killed in a bomb attack in Baghdad, officials say.
England's Chris and Gabby Adcock are aiming to win a medal at the 2017 World Championships.
Russian police have raided the homes of suspected members of the Aum Shinrikyo cult, which killed 13 people in a Tokyo subway attack in
Germans should retire at 70, the German central bank, the Bundesbank, has said.
Police at a Dakota Access Pipeline protest site in North Dakota have arrested 113 people, according to local media.
A man who tried to rape a woman in a Canterbury park has been jailed for 12 years.
The Rugby Players' Association (RPA) has criticised plans to extend the Premiership season by one month.
A series of vandalism incidents in north Edinburgh has seen more than 25 cars damaged.
A bike-sharing scheme in Dumfries has been used by fewer than 2,300 of its 171 members.
A murder investigation has been launched after a 50-year-old woman died in St Andrews.
Online supermarket Ocado has reported its first annual profit in 14 years.
Chris Gunter says Wales will not celebrate until they have qualified for Euro 2016.
Lewis Hamilton says he is not worried about his poor starts in the first two races of the 2016 Formula 1 season.
A new £10m research centre aimed at developing renewable energy technologies has been launched.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of links to Syria after a raid by about 20 police officers.
A former care worker who raped and sexually abused a young girl has been jailed for 10 years.
Binge-watch has been named the Collins Dictionary's word of the year for 2015.
British Rowing have named a 24-strong squad for the World Rowing Championships in Sarasota-Bradenton, Florida.
A team of aviation historians and archaeologists have unearthed the remains of a Spitfire which crashed in County Monaghan 74 years ago.
President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong for the 20th anniversary of the city's handover to China.
Suicide attacks in Syria have killed at least 120 people, officials say.
Welsh councils have lost more than £1m because of falling prices for recycled materials, BBC Wales has learned.
Hampshire all-rounder Ryan McLaren has been called up to the England T20 squad for the one-off match against Sri Lanka.
The formal signing of the deal to build the £18bn Hinkley Point nuclear power project has taken place in London.
The number of calls to a helpline for serving members of the armed forces has risen by 90%, according to a charity.
A man has been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder 30 years after an incident.
Cocaine production in Colombia reached record levels in 2016, according to a report by the United Nations.
At least 102 people have died in a stampede at a Hindu temple in the southern Indian state of Kerala, officials say.
A bridge which was built in the 14th Century has been re-opened after being buried for more than a century.
The Duke of Cambridge and Prince Harry have been on a garden tour to mark the 20th anniversary of their mother's death.
Jake Crofts says he wants to play at Euro 2016, which influenced his decision to join Gillingham on loan until the end of the season.
Jackie Collins, the British author of raunchy novels, has died aged 77.
Dr Tony Xia has completed his £100m takeover of Aston Villa and will be formally introduced to the club on Wednesday.
A man who has been involved with the restoration of Cardigan Castle for 30 years has resigned.
A school praised by David Cameron for its "outstanding" results has been rated "inadequate" by Ofsted.
Wales is set to be battered by strong winds and heavy rain as the remnants of Hurricane Gonzalo reach the UK.
A former football ground in Stoke-on-Trent is to be turned into a housing estate with 200 homes.
Claudia Winkleman is to step down as host of the BBC's Film 2016 after just one year.
Highlight reels of football matches could soon be created using artificial intelligence.
Australia beat India by 25 runs in the fourth one-day international in Canberra to move closer to a series whitewash.
Frenchman Pierre Rolland won his first grand tour stage as the Giro d'Italia's 13th stage ended in a mass sprint finish.
Former Israeli President Shimon Peres has died at the age of 93.
More than 20 volunteer crew members have resigned from a lifeboat station in Jersey.
Atletico Madrid coach Diego Simeone has extended his contract to remain at the club until 2018.
Austria has said it will accept a maximum of 37,500 migrants a day, in a bid to stem the flow of refugees.
Michel Platini's suspension by Fifa's ethics committee is "unjustified", says the French Football Federation.
A passenger has won a legal battle to be paid compensation for a flight delay of more than three hours.
It would take 28 years to clear leaves from the railway lines in Wales, the Welsh Government has said.
The National Crime Agency (NCA) is hunting 12 British fugitives in Spain.
Residents near Euston station will face "decades of blight" from the construction of HS2, Labour's shadow attorney general has said.
Plans have been lodged to develop 700 student flats on Donegall Square South in Belfast.
A motorway project has been given the go-ahead despite concerns from environmentalists that it will damage rare habitats.
Five League One teams, including Coventry, are among the 16 teams remaining in the FA Cup second round, including two under-21 sides.
David de Gea's move to Real Madrid fell through on 31 August because of a technical glitch.
A collection of prams and toys from a Nottingham pram company that has been in business for 150 years has been sold at auction.
The French inventor of the Etch A Sketch toy has died at the age of 94.
Manchester United will discover their last-16 opponents in the Champions League when the draw is made on Monday.
A football club has returned to its home town after 10 years playing away from the area.
A man has admitted importing a package containing 50 extendable batons into Scotland.
Mobile network operator EE has tested drones and balloons to provide mobile coverage in rural areas.
Scientists have discovered a fossilised berry that's 140 million years old.
A grandfather who murdered his 10-month-old baby girl by shaking her has been jailed for life.
Francesco Totti has signed a new contract with Roma that will keep him at the club until 2017.
More than 80% of Northern Ireland business leaders want the UK to remain in the European Union, according to a survey by the Chamber of Commerce.
Kumar Sangakkara was dismissed for 18 on the final day of his Test career as Sri Lanka lost to India.
A 91-year-old man has died while attempting to set a new national record for the oldest cyclist.
The oldest carnival in Europe is to mark its 50th anniversary with a series of events in the city.
Police are appealing for information after 12 cups and saucers were stolen from a National Trust property.
Police in Scotland are investigating an allegation of sexual abuse by the late peer Lord Greville Janner, which is said to have taken place 40 years ago.
South Korea's Samsung Electronics has reported a 10% drop in operating profit for the third quarter of last year compared to a year earlier.
A 95-year-old widower who called a radio show to talk about his loneliness was invited to the studio after his call.
A new vein of rare Blue John stone has been discovered for the first time in 100 years.
A man has been found guilty of murdering his 18-month-old son who was killed by his mother's partner.
Northern Ireland's largest construction group has recorded a fall in profits for 2013.
Taking up moderate exercise in middle age can improve memory and brain size, a study of volunteers aged 60 and over suggests.
Three men have been jailed for a plot to smuggle 20 people into the UK in the back of a lorry.
The US government has closed an investigation into a fatal crash involving a Tesla Model S car, saying there was no evidence of a defect.
Profits for Google's parent company Alphabet jumped 20% in the first quarter, the company has said.
Coventry City came from behind to beat 10-man Millwall and move closer to League One safety.
Liverpool have appointed former Bournemouth boss Sean O'Driscoll as their new first-team coach, their first since 1990.
The sister of a teenager murdered 20 years ago has made an emotional appeal for information about her killer.
The government is investing £15m in a new community hospital in Somerset.
Afghanistan beat Ireland by six wickets in the first of two Twenty20 internationals in India.
Blackburn Rovers have given former midfielder David Dunn a 12-month contract as a coach.
At least 38 people have been killed in a series of bomb attacks in Iraq, officials say.
Tippi Hedren has claimed Alfred Hitchcock sexually assaulted her in the back of his car 55 years ago.
At least 24 cadets were injured in an annual pillow fight at the US Military Academy at West Point, officials say.
A former Barnsley FC player and kitman has been given a fitting send-off by the club's fans after 70 years of service.
Manchester City have sold striker Mario Balotelli to AC Milan for a fee of £19m.
Microsoft is working on a new image-based sign-in system for Windows 8 that it hopes will be more secure than passwords.
Attendances at Scottish Professional Football League games were up 11% on the previous season.
Gian Piero Ventura has been named as the new Italy coach to replace Antonio Conte after Euro 2016.
The mother of murdered toddler James Bulger has said she will continue to fight for the man who killed her son to remain in prison.
A driver caught speeding on the M62 has been reported to the courts.
A 70-year-old German man has been given a bravery award for tackling a burglar.
Surrey have reappointed Gareth Batty as their captain for the 2016 season.
British actor Peter Cushing, who played Dr Frankenstein in several Hammer Horror films, has died aged 81.
Harlow is celebrating its 70th anniversary with a series of events and activities.
A 16-year-old boy who stabbed a boy to death in a school fight has been given an extended sentence.
Tennis star Venus Williams was involved in a car crash that killed a 78-year-old man, police have confirmed.
England Women have named a 23-player squad for a training camp in Spain.
Kevin Pietersen scored his second century in two days as he helped Dolphins to victory in a South African Twenty20 match.
The final game of the Rugby World Cup 2015 has been played at St James' Park, which hosted three games during the tournament.
An animal sanctuary has taken in 24 bearded dragons dumped in a box at a pet shop.
Welsh artists are to collaborate with Indian artists during the UK-India cultural exchange in 2017.
A new golf course in the Highlands could create up to 100 jobs, its developers have said.
Lancashire all-rounder Tom Smith has retired from cricket at the age of 33 because of a back injury.
UK inflation fell to 0.3% in January, the lowest since 2013, as food and fuel prices continued to fall.
Plans to improve a notorious stretch of the A9 at Berriedale Braes in Caithness have moved a step closer.
Barra Airport is celebrating its 80th anniversary this year.
The Garden Bridge Trust has said it has raised £85m from private donors, enough to build the proposed crossing over the River Thames.
Jacob Trescothick's double century helped Somerset beat Nottinghamshire by 36 runs in the first innings of their County Championship match.
A cable car system could be introduced in Cardiff, the city's business council has said.
Scientists claim to have cured type 1 diabetes in mice using stem cells.
An Irish priest who died 84 years ago has been named among 18 people who will be beatified by the Pope.
Italian police have led an international anti-terror operation that has seen 13 people arrested and 17 indicted.
Volunteers are nursing more than 100 bats back to health in Northern Ireland.
Southampton City Council is planning to cut 300 jobs and close a care home as part of a bid to save Â£30m.
Services will be held to mark the 20th anniversary of the ordination of the first women priests in Wales.
A 20-year-old Swiss tourist has been gang raped in the northern Indian state of Himachal Pradesh, police say.
French Resistance hero Raymond Aubrac has died at the age of 100, his daughter has told the AFP news agency.
Nigerian police have arrested 20 men they say were attending a gay wedding in the country's commercial capital, Lagos.
A college which has made 100 staff redundancies in a year bought season tickets to Manchester United games costing Â£10,000.
James Anderson took his 237th one-day international wicket to break Darren Gough's England record.
Germany's economy grew by 1.9% in 2016, according to preliminary figures from the country's statistics office.
A Turkish F-4 Phantom jet has crashed in southern Turkey, killing the pilot, the military says.
Lancashire Police is set to save more than Â£100m over the next four years, the force has said.
A Kent council has been forced to pay £5m in compensation for a live animal export ban.
Leaders Livingston moved 10 points clear of second-placed Airdrieonians after a win at home to Brechin City.
Monty Python star and director Terry Jones is to be honoured with the Bafta Fellowship at this year's TV awards.
Polish director Andrzej Wajda, one of the most influential film-makers of the post-war era, has died aged 90.
Two of the breakout stars of this year's Mastermind are getting their own show on BBC Radio 4.
Barclays has reported a 10% drop in third-quarter profits, hit by legal settlements and slow progress in selling off unwanted businesses.
An Iron Age settlement has been discovered by 20 students on a dig in Dorset.
The US has charged seven Iranian hackers with attacking more than 40 companies in the US.
A US drone strike in north-west Pakistan has killed at least 12 people, officials say.
An American man has been sentenced to 10 years in prison in Iran for allegedly spying, Iranian state media report.
A Welsh Government advisory panel has recommended rejecting up to £6m of public money for a new media centre in Carmarthen.
Britain's Tom Daley won silver in the 10m platform at the Fina Grand Prix in Rio de Janeiro.
Kyle Washington says he is still trying to take in his whirlwind season after scoring his 15th goal of 2016.
A jockey has been banned from driving for 18 months after admitting drink driving while sleep walking.
The British Racing Drivers Club (BRDC) has decided not to sell its controlling stake in the home of the British Formula 1 Grand Prix.
North Korea could be allowed to take part in the 2018 Winter Olympics in South Korea, the International Olympic Committee says.
A second man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a schoolgirl 52 years ago.
A concert at Queen of the South's Palmerston Stadium has been cancelled for 2016.
Glamorgan will be looking to sign a fast bowler for the 2017 season, according to director of cricket Hugh Morris.
Bolivians have voted against extending the presidential term to 2025, rejecting a proposal put forward by President Evo Morales.
Hampshire secured their place in the T20 Blast quarter-finals with a comfortable win over Glamorgan at the Ageas Bowl.
A stretch of the M4 in Berkshire is being considered for conversion to a "smart motorway".
The Welsh government has scrapped plans to create 12 marine protected areas.
A new investigation has been launched into the murder of a Derbyshire woman 40 years ago.
A man has appeared in court charged with supplying a "legal high" drug which led to the death of a 17-year-old girl.
Portugal has passed a law allowing the descendants of Jews expelled 500 years ago to claim citizenship.
A 10-year-old boy was denied a seat on a flight because of overbooking, his family say.
Northern Irish pupils were among the most satisfied with their lives in the developed world in 2015, a new study suggests.
England have been dealt a blow ahead of the Women's World Twenty20 with the news that Danielle Hazell has been ruled out of the tournament with a back injury
Welsh snowboarder Zoe Potter is aiming to qualify for the 2018 Winter Olympics.
The man who killed 77 people in Norway last July has complained that his prison cell is "too cold" and that he is not allowed moisturiser.
The British Grand Prix was a thriller and it seems you were all on the edge of your seats too.
At least 104 people have died in landslides and floods in Indonesia, officials say.
A woman has told a court she could not "go to her grave" knowing she did not report sexual abuse 30 years ago.
Junior doctors in England will begin a five-day strike on 12 October, the British Medical Association has said.
The Queen has sent her first ever Instagram message as she celebrates her 90th birthday.
Alliance Trust has announced a 20% reduction in costs, and the departure of its chief executive, as part of a shake-up of the company.
A new method of predicting where arsenic is likely to be found in drinking water has identified 19.6 million people in China at risk.
About 20 people have been arrested during a protest outside Liverpool Town Hall.
Boeing is to introduce new overhead luggage bins on its 737 aircraft, in a move it says will increase storage space.
More than 200 Syrian refugees have been housed in Wales by local councils, according to new figures.
The prison population in England and Wales is now at its highest level since 1993, says Nick Clegg.
A rail company has paid out more than £2m to passengers for delays and cancellations, according to figures released by the government.
Nottingham Forest sold striker Ross McCormack to Fulham for £11m in January 2014, says club ambassador Andy McGovern.
Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas has asked a question for the first time in 10 years.
A Scottish Borders Council by-election will take place on 4 May, the Presiding Officer has confirmed.
The main parties have given their reactions to the Northern Ireland Assembly elections held on 2 March.
Microsoft has unveiled the Xbox One X, its most powerful console yet, which will be released in November 2017.
A brewery has said it is looking to expand its coffee shop chain after reporting record profits for 2012.
Manchester City have agreed a deal to sign Valencia defender Nicolas Otamendi for a fee of about £32m.
A Slovakian man who murdered a pensioner in Glasgow has been jailed for at least 13 years.
Manchester United have 11 players who feel the pressure and responsibility too much, says manager Jose Mourinho.
A girl aged 15 was hit by a car and left seriously injured in the street, police have said.
Up to 70 jobs are at risk at a Tannoy factory in Coatbridge.
More than 20 former pupils of a Holy Cross Primary School in north Belfast have claimed compensation for the violence they endured during school protests.
Adolf Hitler's book, Mein Kampf, will be published with annotated notes in January 2016.
A military plane carrying 121 people crashed into the Andaman Sea off Myanmar last month because of bad weather, investigators say.
Newsweek magazine has unveiled its final print edition, with a hashtag headline.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after a crash on the M6 in Staffordshire.
International students bring an annual economic benefit of £1bn to Scotland, according to a new report.
A 29-year-old man has been stabbed at a gig in Glasgow.
Uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against England and Serbia following the incident-hit Under-21 match between the sides.
Housing and regeneration projects in south Wales totalling £30m have been given the go-ahead by the Welsh government.
Global energy consumption grew at its slowest rate in recent years in 2014, according to BP's annual energy review.
Nottinghamshire have re-signed Australia all-rounder Dan Christian for the 2017 T20 Blast.
A new DNA profile has been identified in the murder of a schoolgirl 21 years ago, police have said.
Shares in Toshiba fell more than 9% in Tokyo trading after the electronics giant said it would cut thousands of jobs and report record losses.
The tide has exposed the remains of about 100 skeletons on an island off the Kent coast.
A man who targeted a police helicopter with a laser pen on 27 November has been jailed.
Northern Ireland will host the 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games, it has been announced.
The Scottish Borders saw an increase in footfall in four of its towns in 2016, according to the latest figures.
The earliest-ever named Atlantic storm of 2015 has formed, US forecasters say.
Elite England players could earn more than £1m a year under the new pay deal agreed with the Rugby Football Union.
A song by British comedian and entertainer Tommy Steele was the third biggest-selling single of the 1960s, a new chart has revealed.
A 29-year-old man who was shot dead at a birthday party in Surrey has been named by police.
A youth travel pass scheme for 16 to 18-year-olds will continue beyond April, the Welsh Government has confirmed.
Paul Lawrie will miss the Open Championship at Royal Troon on 14-17 July as he recovers from foot surgery.
A service has been held to remember those who have died in conflict, as part of the 100th anniversary of the First World War.
American golfer Jason Bohn, 40, has withdrawn from the Honda Classic after suffering a mild heart attack.
The price of oil dropped by more than 5% on Monday, after OPEC refused to cut production.
A driver who led police on a 100mph chase before being jailed has been jailed.
At least 15 people have been killed in a gun battle between drug gangs in northern Mexico, officials say.
The Lion King has been added to the US National Film Registry by the Library of Congress, along with 24 other films.
At least 100 people have died after the roof of a church collapsed in southern Nigeria, officials say.
Ireland lost by 59 runs to Afghanistan in the second of five one-day internationals in India.
Wales will be without Gareth Bale and Aaron Ramsey for the crucial match against the Republic of Ireland on 24 March.
A murder inquiry has been launched after a 25-year-old man was found dead in a house in Glasgow.
A Romanian man who hacked into the email accounts of prominent US officials, including George W Bush, has been sentenced to 52 months in prison.
Radio 2 breakfast show host Chris Evans is to be given an honorary degree by the University of East Anglia.
Macau's gambling revenue reached a record high in 2010, according to official figures.
Tata Steel has been fined £930,000 for failing to protect workers from a highly flammable chemical at its plant in Scunthorpe
The number of new distilleries in the UK doubled in 2016, according to a new report.
A proposal to increase London Luton Airport's passenger capacity to 30 million has been criticised by Hertfordshire County Council.
A man who sexually assaulted a 12-year-old girl has been jailed.
Former Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has announced his retirement from coaching after 25 years.
Stormy weather in Wales on Friday saw gusts of up to 70mph and damage to a school roof.
A film that won best picture at the Oscars on Sunday has seen a significant increase in ticket sales the following week - the first time this has happened in 20 years
Syphilis cases in London have risen by 163% in the past five years, according to new figures.
The disappearance of flight MH370 has prompted a decision to improve global flight tracking.
Sale have signed former Wales and Lions scrum-half Mike Phillips for next season.
A hydroelectric scheme that would have created 10 jobs has been scrapped.
Heroin dealers who were caught in a "massive" police operation have been jailed for a total of 100 years.
A £250m development in Newcastle which aims to bring together science, business and the community has been officially opened.
At least 16 people have been injured in a collision between two Amtrak trains in Oakland, California, officials say.
More than 250 people were convicted of animal cruelty in Wales last year, according to the RSPCA.
The target for treating cancer patients within 62 days of being referred by their GP has been missed for the first time.
The Football Association and English Football League will donate £2m to the victims of the Grenfell Tower fire.
The Co-operative Group has recorded its first half-year profit since 2010.
The creator of a famous sculpture garden in the Indian city of Chandigarh has died at the age of 98.
Russian President Vladimir Putin is to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel for the first time in 10 years on Monday.
The 350th anniversary of the Great Fire of London is being marked with the release of a set of commemorative stamps.
Prince Harry has met 100 children at a school in Guyana, where he was given a painting of traditional homes.
Swansea City's longest-serving director has died at the age of 88.
Sheffield United have released 10 players at the end of their contracts.
A trial has begun in Argentina for five men accused of killing more than 200 people at a secret prison in the capital, Buenos Aires.
At least 10 young women from Melbourne have attempted to join the Islamic State (IS) militant group, Australian police say.
The Welsh government will distribute more than £5m to retired firefighters who were underpaid on their pensions.
The US has appointed its first ambassador to Cuba since the two countries broke off diplomatic relations in 1961.
A man who admitted killing his wife of 25 years has been found not guilty of murder.
More than 8,000 cannabis farms were discovered in the UK over the past year, according to police projections.
Hearts owner Ann Budge has offered to repay her £2.5m loan early to help fund the redevelopment of Tynecastle.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says qualifying for the Europa League knockout phase would be the biggest achievement of his career.
Aberdeen have appointed Arbroath manager Paul Sheerin after 10 years in charge of the Angus club.
Troy Polamalu has announced his retirement from American football at the age of 33.
A new £20m swimming pool in Derby has been given the go-ahead.
UN investigators are considering naming 200 individuals as suspects for war crimes in Syria, diplomats say.
Thousands of people have attended anti-water charges protests across Ireland.
A new database of 390 trees and shrubs aims to help city planners choose the right species for the right place.
Russia coach Leonid Slutsky has resigned after the team's early exit from Euro 2016.
A total of 11 objects have been identified during a search for the body of a missing Lanarkshire schoolgirl in a canal.
Children as young as 11 are checking their mobile phones at night and missing out on sleep, a survey suggests.
A Chinese takeaway chef has been jailed for 12 years after attempting to kill a colleague with a meat cleaver.
A hospital has received more than 100 complaints about parking problems at the site.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor Townsend says the Warriors are in a good position to reach a third successive Pro12 final.
Saido Berahino has been given a 12-month driving ban for drink-driving.
Ecuador's presidential election will go to a run-off on 26 April after no candidate won enough votes to avoid a second round.
Login credentials for more than 700 US government employees have been found online, according to a report by a security firm.
British weightlifters will attempt to qualify for the Rio Olympics at the European Championships in Norway on 16 April.
Players under the age of 14 should not head the ball in training, according to new recommendations from US Soccer.
An Aberdeen-based engineering firm has announced plans to create 100 jobs over the next three years.
The trial of the man accused of carrying out the Boston Marathon bombings, which killed three people and injured 260, has begun.
The US has protested against a decision by the Afghan government to free 37 of 88 prisoners it says are dangerous insurgents.
The BBC has announced comprehensive coverage plans for the Rio 2016 Olympics and Paralympics.
An Angus engineering firm is to expand with the creation of 100 jobs.
A lorry has crashed into a house and left it leaning against a wall.
Boyhood has won best picture at the 2014 New York Film Critics Circle awards.
All 17 governors of a new school in Bala have resigned in protest at plans to make it a Church in Wales campus.
Former Wales and Cardiff Blues lock Bradley Davies will make his debut for Cambridge University against Oxford on 1 December.
Land Rover has confirmed that it will stop making the original Defender after 65 years.
A public swimming pool in Reading which has been open for 105 years is to close.
Graham Stevens' unbeaten 121 put Kent in a strong position against Essex on day two at Canterbury.
More than 1,000 police officers in Dyfed-Powys are to be issued with body cameras.
Donald Trump has said he wants peace at his rallies after clashes in Chicago left 10 people injured.
A school in Hull has sent home more than 100 children for not wearing the correct uniform.
A US citizen has been sentenced to 15 years of hard labour in North Korea for "hostile acts" against the state.
Average speed cameras are to be installed on the M74 to improve safety during road works.
A British student has been sentenced to 12 months in jail in the United Arab Emirates for possessing a small amount of cocaine.
The International Olympic Committee has raised concerns about the PGA Tour's anti-doping policy ahead of golf's return to the 2016 Olympics in Rio.
Footage has been shown in an Australian inquest into the Lindt Cafe siege of the police raid that ended the 17-hour ordeal.
A man has been jailed for 10 months for posting racist comments on Facebook about the death of a toddler.
An expansion of a retail and leisure complex will create an extra 100 jobs, developers have said.
Scotland has met its annual climate change target for the second year running since 2011.
Manchester City have signed Jonny Evans from West Brom for a fee of £3.5m.
More than 1,000 youth workers and work-based learning practitioners have been added to the register for teachers and school staff in Wales.
Insurance firm Royal Sun Alliance is to close its office in Birmingham city centre with the loss of 190 jobs.
Theatre actress Gemma Arterton is in talks to star in a musical version of the 2010 film Made in Dagenham.
Two men who stole more than 100 sheep from farms across the north of England have been jailed.
The Grand Master of the Orange Order has said a peaceful protest will be held in Belfast on 12 July.
Real Madrid have been asked to provide information on 51 players by Fifa, the Spanish club have confirmed.
Steven Commons says he is unsure if he will stay at Hibernian beyond his 30-day loan deal.
The BBC will continue to broadcast the Six Nations Championship until 2017, the corporation has announced.
The Football Associations of England and Scotland have said they will ignore Fifa's ban on players wearing poppies on their shirts.
The Welsh Government will continue to fund a science centre in Cardiff Bay until 2021.
David Tennant and Billie Piper will appear in the Doctor Who 50th anniversary special, the BBC has confirmed.
Former New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum has been appointed Middlesex's T20 Blast captain for the 2017 season.
US stocks closed lower on the last trading day of the year, with the Dow Jones dropping 1%.
Tesco is set to receive around Â£150m from the sale of its Fresh & Easy business in the US.
A wildlife rescue charity has been called out to treat injured swans at a country park 10 times in the last year.
A village in Oxfordshire has reopened its pub after 18 months without one.
Anna Christian will lead the Great Britain Cycling Team at the 2017 European Road Championships in Denmark.
Police in Italy have arrested 115 people in a police inquiry into match-fixing in lower league football.
More than a fifth of prisoners at a Cheshire jail felt unsafe, an inspection has found.
Forest Green Rovers moved up to second in the National League with a late win over 10-man Cheltenham Town.
A suggestion to name a new £200m polar research ship Boaty McBoatface has topped an online poll.
A chain of bubble tea cafes has said it will pay trainees after it was accused of making them work for up to 40 hours without pay.
A 40-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of being involved in the phone-hacking scandal for 15 years.
A windmill has been restored to produce its own flour for the first time in 30 years.
The fixtures and TV coverage details for the 2013 Rugby League World Cup have been announced.
A polling site has been moved from a mosque 10 days before the US presidential election.
Suicide bombings have killed at least 35 people in the southern city of Aden, Yemeni officials say.
Iran's President Hassan Rouhani has welcomed the election of a record 17 women to the country's parliament.
A 10-year-old boy is being hailed as a hero after saving his mother and sister from a fire at their home.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of stabbing a teacher at a school in Bradford.
At least 200 people have been killed in a landslide in western Colombia, officials say.
The first African-American woman to host a major US news programme has died at the age of 61.
UKIP is aiming to win seats in the 2016 assembly election, its new leader in Wales has said.
European eels have been found in a river in Norfolk for the first time in 10 years.
A firefighter who had been working for a service for 20 years has been dismissed following an investigation into a fatal fire.
Jenson Button will retire from Formula 1 racing after the United States Grand Prix on 23 October.
Former Home Secretary Lord Waddington has died at the age of 82, his family has announced.
GoPro is cutting 270 jobs as part of a restructuring plan aimed at reducing costs and boosting profits.
The chief of staff of Yemen's President Abdrabbuh Mansour Hadi has been released after being held by Houthi rebels for 10 days
Parliamentary elections are being held in North Korea this week - but they are not the most important elections in the country.
Guy Martin says he is not giving up on the TT despite saying he was quitting road racing.
A packaging firm has gone into administration with the loss of 40 jobs because of the introduction of the 5p charge for plastic bags.
Consumer confidence has fallen sharply since the Brexit vote on 23 June, according to a survey.
A man who helped cover up a hit-and-run which killed a teenager 12 years ago has been jailed.
World number one para-archer Danielle Brown says she will not switch disciplines to try to make the 2016 Rio Paralympics.
Cardiff Blues beat French Top 14 side Pau by 17 points in their Pro12 victory at Cardiff Arms Park.
Edinburgh is to become the first Scottish city to introduce a 20mph default speed limit.
There are now 27 women on the FTSE 100 board, according to the latest research from Cranfield University.
A Grade II-listed former 19th Century cinema is to be auctioned off after the Duchy of Lancaster took it into its ownership.
A 90-year-old woman has died in a firebomb attack in Ayrshire.
Edinburgh will host the finals of both the European Champions Cup and Challenge Cup in 2017.
Tottenham have signed Spain striker Roberto Soldado from Valencia for a fee of about £26m.
A woman with learning disabilities who has already had six children can be sterilised against her will, a High Court judge has ruled.
Six teams of architects have been shortlisted to rebuild a 17th Century stately home destroyed by fire.
A photographic exhibition has been launched to mark the 50th anniversary of the closure of Nottingham Victoria Station.
A postcard sent from Spain to Swansea has been delivered to the wrong address - 29 years late.
A review of 20mph speed limits in Manchester has been ordered after the council said it was "not working as well as hoped".
A former IRA man who escaped from court 40 years ago has been jailed for firearms offences.
Up to 76 jobs could be lost at Shrewsbury's largest college, it has been announced.
A man has been exonerated and freed from prison after spending 22 years behind bars for a murder he did not commit.
More than 200 businesses in Edinburgh are being investigated for dumping trade waste in communal bins.
The 83-year-old former actor and president of learning disability charity Mencap has called for the law on assisted dying to be changed.
A man who spent 20 years homeless has been honoured by the Queen in the New Year's Honours list.
India completed a 278-run victory over Sri Lanka in the second Test in Colombo to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
The Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) has announced plans to invest £250m in improving tennis facilities across the country.
BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game at the 2014 World Cup.
UK music revenues grew for the first time in a decade in 2016, according to the British Phonographic Industry (BPI).
A man who died in a crash on the A713 in Dumfries and Galloway has been named.
Fast bowler Boyd Rankin has been recalled by Ireland for the World Twenty20 in India next month.
The new schedule for English domestic cricket from 2018 has been announced by the England and Wales Cricket Board.
Floods which hit Leeds over Christmas have caused £1m damage to the Rhinos' training ground, the club has said.
At least 20 people have died in a fire at a garment factory in Bangladesh, officials say.
A painter who has been shortlisted for the John Moores Painting Prize three times has finally won the prestigious award for the first time.
Long daytime naps are linked to an increased risk of type-2 diabetes, according to a study.
A man who drove 70 miles to help 10 people after the Manchester Arena attack has said he "couldn't sit back and do nothing".
Police have said they have found 16 petrol bombs in a west Belfast street which were intended to be thrown at officers.
Scotland will have 12 athletes in the Great Britain team for the Rio Olympics, which starts on Friday.
Police in western India have found 10 female foetuses buried in a field.
A man who made a hoax bomb threat to a hospital which led to 37 patients being evacuated has been jailed.
More than a quarter of the world's food is traded internationally, making it vulnerable to the impacts of climate change, a new report says.
A door with a portrait of a Cheltenham grocer painted on it 40 years ago is to be restored.
Olympic bronze medallist Owain Doull and world champion Elinor Barker are considering competing at the 2018 Commonwealth Games in Australia.
More than £1m is to be allocated to tackle a waiting list for autism assessments.
A suicide bomber has killed at least 29 people at a football match in Iraq, officials say.
Saudi Arabia has announced a $500bn tourism project on its Red Sea coast.
A 16th Century historic hall in Manchester has been "badly damaged" by a fire.
An Indian court has refused to allow two Italian marines who shot dead two Indian fishermen in 2012 to return home.
The death of Muhammad Ali at the age of 74 has been trending on Twitter since the news was announced on Saturday morning.
A Welsh MP has condemned a decision to close a barracks in his constituency in 2020.
Archaeologists have discovered 12 skeletons in a mass grave in Peterborough.
Featherstone Rovers beat Halifax to reach the Challenge Cup quarter-finals with a 10-point victory at the Shay.
An inquest into the Kingsmill massacre has been delayed because there are not enough coroners in Northern Ireland.
A team of engineers has stepped in to help restore a cipher machine used by the Nazis during World War Two.
England's Matt Fitzpatrick is tied for the lead with Thailand's Kiradech Aphibarnrat at the South African Open.
11-year-old Carissa Yip from New York has become the youngest chess master in the US.
Andy Carroll is not a certainty to be included in England's Euro 2016 squad, says manager Roy Hodgson.
Bob the Builder is getting a new voice actor - and he's been signed up by Channel 5.
China says it will not accept the deportation of 119 Chinese nationals arrested in Zambia on suspicion of illegal mining.
Archaeologists have discovered a Roman coin dating back 1,700 years during excavations at Auckland Castle.
Three contracts worth more than £400,000 have been awarded for the redevelopment of Dundee Waterfront.
A man suspected of killing two people in two attacks in Tel Aviv last week has been shot dead by police.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed slightly lower, with shares in Paddy Power Betfair falling after the bookmaker reported a loss for 201
Women being denied their state pensions at 65 are being left in financial hardship, MPs have been told.
The Welsh Government is to contribute £5m to the restoration of a historic building in Ceredigion.
Notts County have appointed four new directors, including former BBC Radio Nottingham football reporter Colin Slater.
A Labour MP has accused the government of "back-pedalling" on its support for a £1bn tidal lagoon project in Swansea Bay.
The Coventry Festival of Motoring has been cancelled for 2015 after the city council withdrew funding.
The first full trailer for the new James Bond film Spectre has been released.
A crisp factory in County Durham is to close with the loss of 388 jobs.
The Welsh government is to provide £2m towards a £25m indoor surfing centre in Conwy county.
Blink 182 guitarist Tom DeLonge has denied quitting the band, despite a statement from his bandmates.
Police are investigating a robbery of security guards delivering cash to a bank in Glasgow city centre in which about Â£50,000 was stolen.
Former Wales footballer Dean Saunders has appealed for help after leaving his car at Euro 2016 for three weeks.
Wales lock Luke Charteris is set to join Bath at the end of the current season.
A £30m Falkirk pension fund is to be invested in a new housing fund.
A Bangladeshi man has been reunited with his family after 25 years of separation.
The RSPCA and the Dublin Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (DSPCA) have seized 20 puppies.
Butterfly species in England could be wiped out by global warming in as little as 40 years, according to new research.
A non-emergency NHS 111 phone number is under pressure, according to a report.
A loan shark who threatened to "smash" a victim's partner's head in has had his 18-month jail sentence suspended.
Antonio Conte has been appointed as the new coach of the Italian national team for Euro 2016.
Shares in Coca-Cola fell more than 4% after the company reported a 4% drop in profits.
A 98-year-old woman had her wish to meet George Clooney granted when the actor turned up at her care home.
More than 100 doctors and nurses have signed a letter criticising the government's record on the NHS.
A 16th Century defensive wall at Stirling Castle has been discovered by archaeologists.
Wrexham have appointed former player Dean Keates as their new manager on a contract until the end of the 2017-18 season.
The government has announced 1,500 new training places for doctors in England.
Afghanistan's opium production reached a record high in 2017, according to the UN.
The death toll from fighting at an air base in western Libya has risen to 140, the LNA says.
Child marriage is most prevalent in 10 countries, according to a report by Save the Children.
A passenger plane has made an emergency landing at East Midlands Airport after being diverted from Manchester.
Drama Spotlight has won best film at the 2015 New York Film Critics Circle awards.
Ravi Gupta has been collecting matchbox labels for 30 years.
Scott McDonnell will fight Mexico's Rey Rosas on 29 April in his first fight in the UK for more than two years.
A 40-year-old Australian pelican has died in New Zealand, the zoo said.
Gordie Howe, one of the greatest ice hockey players of all time, has died aged 88.
US-based legal services firm Axiom is creating 97 new jobs in Belfast.
A woman who has been selling poppies for the Royal British Legion for more than 75 years has been honoured.
Yorkshire will host a day-night Championship match on 18 August, subject to the fixture list being published.
Plans to build 510 homes on a greenfield site have been refused permission by the government.
Charlton Athletic have appointed Jose Riga as manager for the club's remaining 19 games this season.
The US economy grew at its slowest pace in more than two years during the final three months of 2014, official figures show.
General Motors (GM) is ending its operations in India from 2017, the company has announced.
About 300 pilot whales have died after being stranded on a beach in New Zealand.
Liam Livingstone is included in a 14-man England squad for the Twenty20 series against South Africa.
More than 60 patients have been affected by complications after having cataract operations at a hospital in Somerset.
A coach and a lorry have crashed on the A34 in Oxfordshire, injuring three people.
Two councils have accused the government of "sham" consultation over proposed improvements to the A27.
A motion to reduce parking fines to £45 has been rejected by the assembly.
Sonny West, a close friend and assistant of Elvis Presley, has died aged 79.
England batsman James Vince says playing in the World Twenty20 will be a "massive opportunity" to impress.
ScotRail is to create up to 100 new train driver jobs as part of a recruitment drive.
A call has gone out to people who took part in a medical study in Aberdeen 50 years ago.
Marion Bartoli has retired from tennis, just weeks after winning Wimbledon 2013.
Formula 1 teams are considering a compromise on the qualifying format after their request to revert to the 2015 system was rejected.
Southampton have signed winger Nathan Redmond from Norwich City for a fee of about £10m.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says there is "no price" on Harry Kane after the striker broke the club's 2015
A measles outbreak in south Wales has spread to 32 schools, health officials have said.
A preferred bidder to take on a £1 lease for the former Perth Concert Hall has been identified.
A 24-year-old man found dead in Glasgow is being treated as a murder.
A reunion is being held to mark 20 years since the closure of Ipswich Airport.
British soldiers spent less than half of World War One at the front, a new study has found.
An online row between two Conservative AMs over the M4 relief road has involved all 11 of the party's AMs.
Former Charlton Athletic youth coach Eddie Heath abused boys in the 1980s, a man has told the BBC.
A 16-year-old boy has died after being attacked at a house party.
South African-born gymnast Dan MacKenzie will compete for his new country at the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.