More than 100 churches in Norfolk have medieval graffiti, according to a survey.
A three-year-old boy in Texas is in a critical condition after being doused with petrol and set alight by another child.
A man has admitted his role in a plot to smuggle £50m worth of cocaine into the UK.
Rihanna has cancelled her concert in Nice after at least 84 people were killed in a lorry attack on the city.
The families of the 96 Liverpool fans who died in the Hillsborough disaster have been awarded the city's highest honour.
World 200m champion Dafne Schippers will defend her title at the 2016 World Indoor Championships in Birmingham.
Leigh Centurions have signed Australian half-back Daniel Mortimer to join the club in 2017.
A court in Somalia has ordered the deportation of 400 foreigners from the country.
Monsoon rains have killed at least 146 people in South Asia in the past week.
Tiger Woods has dropped out of the world's top 100 for the first time since September 1996.
Guernsey's volleyball players could miss out on the 2021 Island Games after the sport was dropped from the next two events.
Luis Suarez will return to Anfield to play in a charity match against Liverpool on 28 May.
At least 30 people have been killed and dozens injured in a train derailment in Burma, officials say.
Facebook has been ordered to pay a fine of up to 1bn euros (Â£750m) by a Belgian court.
South Africa's Western Cape province has declared a disaster in the city of Cape Town, home to 4 million people.
Shares in mining giant Glencore plunged again on Monday, dragging the FTSE 100 lower.
Two slip roads at a junction of the M1 motorway in Leicestershire will be closed for three days next week.
A girl who suffered brain damage after medical negligence has been awarded £5m damages.
Harry Kane will play for England's Under-21s at the European Championship in the Czech Republic this summer.
Kent and England opener Robert Key has announced his retirement from professional cricket after 18 years.
A man who murdered a drug dealer in Gloucester has been jailed for at least 24 years.
Pope Francis has sent a message to mark the 20th anniversary of the bombing of a Jewish centre in Buenos Aires.
Michael Phelps says he will not compete at the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo, insisting this is his final Games.
A two-year-old boy has had his eye injured by a drone.
Guns N' Roses will be headlining the Reading and Leeds festivals in August 2017, the organisers have announced.
Wales secured a point in their final 2017 Euro qualifier as they drew with Austria in Cardiff.
The first part of The Hobbit trilogy will have its world premiere in New Zealand, the birthplace of author J.R.R. Tolkien.
The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 has become the biggest opening weekend film in the UK, taking £12m.
Police have re-opened an investigation into the murder of a man in west Belfast 15 years ago.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) is moving more than 400 jobs to India.
The Honduran government has suspended eight consuls in the US over allegations that they were selling fake IDs to Honduran immigrants.
India's federal government will present its first full budget for 2014-15 on 8 July, the finance ministry has said.
The average annual comprehensive car insurance premium in the UK rose by 16% in the past year, according to research.
A man has been found guilty of owning a banned dog which killed an 18-month-old toddler.
Los Angeles has formally launched its bid to host the 2024 Summer Olympics.
The founder of a children's hospice in the Vale of Glamorgan has died aged 62.
Linen and laundry firm Fishers has opened a new £10m laundry facility in North Lanarkshire.
A theme park where an 11-year-old girl died on a water ride will reopen on Saturday.
The last words spoken by the pilot of missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 were "Good night Malaysian three seven zero", officials say.
Tyrone will face Derry in the 2017 Ulster SFC quarter-finals after the draw was made on Thursday night.
A South Yorkshire engineering firm has won almost £500m of contracts to supply parts for US Navy submarines.
A financial adviser who beat cancer has reached the South Pole on the 100th anniversary of Captain Scott's expedition.
The number of people living with cancer in Scotland has increased by 15% in the last five years, according to a charity.
A former lorry driver has been jailed for 10 years for sexually abusing four young girls over a 20-year period.
Sam Smith has topped the UK album chart for the fourth time with In The Lonely Hour.
Former Glamorgan coach and player John Derrick has died at the age of 52.
Walsall beat Peterborough United to give the League One strugglers their first league win in 11 games.
The FA Cup fifth-round ties begin on Saturday, with the Premier League's big guns in action.
The number of stray dogs put to sleep in Northern Ireland has fallen by 30% in a year, according to a new survey.
The body of a woman who disappeared 12 years ago was hidden in a garden for more than two years, a court has heard.
A dog that had been missing for 12 days has been rescued from a gorge in the Highlands.
Two women who fraudulently claimed £77,000 in benefits after burying a man in their garden have been jailed.
A man who swore at a judge after being jailed for 20 months for breaching an ASBO has been jailed for 20 months for the latest off
India has signed a deal to buy 36 Rafale fighter jets from France, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced.
The 1981 Oscar-winning film Chariots of Fire is to be re-released in cinemas in celebration of the London 2012
Microsoft is considering offering $25bn for Yahoo, according to reports.
A Cuban plane has crashed in the central part of the island, killing 40 people, officials say.
The latest instalment in the Fast and Furious film franchise has become the biggest new release at the UK box office.
China has sent 10 ships to waters near disputed islands in the East China Sea, Japan says.
At least 39 people have been killed in a car and bomb attack in the Chinese city of Urumqi, officials say.
Taylor Swift has been accused of stealing a piece of fan art for her 1989 album.
Sussex and England Under-19 fast bowler Matthew Hobden has died at the age of 21.
The barcode is 60 years old this week, but the technology was not widely used for another 20 years.
A 17-year-old racing driver who lost both his legs in a crash is now out of hospital.
The Fraser of Allander Institute, which provides economic analysis for the Scottish government, is to expand and develop its work.
Ulster have named an unchanged team for Friday's crucial Pro12 game against Cardiff Blues at the Arms Park.
New homes have been built up to 75cm out of place in York.
Producers of the Harry Potter stage play have warned fans not to buy tickets from touts, after the script became the UK's fastest-selling book of the
Olympic champion Hannah Mills is leaving the 470 class to try and qualify for Tokyo 2020 in a new event.
A cup used by Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has been sold on eBay for £100 to raise money for charity.
The 2016 mayoral election is just over a year away.
Labour MP Graham Allen has announced he will not stand for re-election at the general election in June, after 29 years as an MP.
(Close): The FTSE 100 recovered on Wednesday after falling to its lowest level since February.
A blind former soldier who lost his sight in Iraq is aiming to compete at the 2016 Rio Paralympics.
Haiti's government has announced plans to recruit a new army of 25-year-olds.
A 17-year-old boy who stabbed a man in the head in a failed bid to steal his drugs has been jailed for 10 years.
Britain's Mo Farah won his third gold of Rio 2016 in the men's 5,000m.
A charity has criticised a £1,500 work experience programme aimed at helping students get into medicine.
Former Sri Lanka fast bowler Chaminda Vaas will work with the Irish team during the 2016 World T20.
A 17-year-old boy has died of Ebola in Liberia, the first reported case of the disease in the country for seven weeks.
A former Scout leader who sexually abused boys over a 41-year period has been jailed for 12 years.
A former World War Two prisoner of war has died at the age of 100.
A group of historians has identified 20 people who are believed to be the direct descendants of Leonardo da Vinci, 564 years after his birth.
The Ministry of Defence has recorded 170 injuries to soldiers during training exercises at an army base in the last four years.
A man who murdered his father with a kitchen knife has been jailed for life with a minimum of 20 years.
David Florence won gold in the canoe slalom C1 event at the World Championships in London on Sunday.
The head of a Catholic multi-academy trust in the South West has been suspended after a damning Ofsted report.
Former Formula 1 driver Sir Stirling Moss has thanked well-wishers for their support after his serious illness.
Lancashire Police has proposed a restructure of the force that could see 100 jobs lost as it tries to save a further £20m.
A 14-year-old girl has become an internet sensation after she helped deliver her baby brother in North Carolina.
The BBC has confirmed it will keep its Radio 4 arts programme Saturday Review after initially announcing it would be axed.
The Oscars ratings have dropped 16% from last year, according to Nielsen.
Wales could face a tougher World Cup in 2019 if they fail to beat Ireland and France in their remaining Six Nations games.
President Donald Trump has held a fundraising event for his 2020 re-election campaign at his Washington hotel.
George Bailey was unbeaten on 22 as Hampshire reached the close of day two with a slender lead over Sussex.
James Guy finished fourth in the men's 400m freestyle at the World Championships in Kazan.
Hewlett Packard Enterprise has unveiled a prototype of a supercomputer it has been developing for 20 years.
Polling stations have opened across Scotland for the 7 May general election.
A plan to revamp a Swansea city centre road for the first time in eight years has been criticised by the opposition.
A £3m estate has been left to charity after a judge ruled a scientist had confused the British Isles with the UK.
Guinea has warned that the Ebola outbreak in West Africa has spread to more than 78 towns and villages.
The water quality at 17 Scottish beaches has been rated as "poor" in the latest European Union bathing water classifications.
At least 25 people have died and hundreds more injured in a spate of hornet attacks in north-western China.
Zebre have denied reports they are set to leave the Pro12 and join the English Championship.
One person is being treated in hospital after a crash involving seven vehicles on the A34 in Berkshire.
The amount of money owed to bailiffs by people who cannot pay their Council Tax has risen to £100m, according to a charity.
Reigning European 60m champion Harry Aikines-Aryeetey has turned down a place in the Great Britain team for the World Indoor Championships.
Seven men have gone on trial accused of sexually abusing girls as young as 12 in Bristol and London.
A £10bn investment deal with China was scrapped because of political pressure, the Scottish government has said.
Everyone has about 400 flaws in their DNA that could cause disease, say scientists.
Floodwaters have reached more than 8m in the Australian city of Rockhampton, officials say.
A woman who stabbed her partner to death and then called the police has been jailed for life with a minimum term of 20 years.
Australian footballers have rallied around Indigenous player Adam Goodes in 2015, saying they are "sickened" by the booing he
A family has moved back into their home after repairs costing £10m were completed following a sinkhole.
The Northern Ireland Executive is to hold an urgent meeting to discuss the recent spate of road deaths which has seen five people killed in a week.
The chief constable of Gloucestershire Police has announced plans to close 10 police stations.
Plans to create 31 new pitches for travellers in Solihull have been approved by the council.
Gas has been restored to more than 600 homes in Blaenau Gwent after a water leak.
Two of Wales' most senior Labour AMs have announced they will not seek re-election in 2016.
The Scottish economy slowed in the final quarter of 2015, according to the latest survey by the Fraser of Allander Institute.
More than 70 traders in London have been warned or given compliance advice after selling knives to children.
Dance music star Robert Miles, best known for his track Children, has died at the age of 49.
At least 35 people have died after a building under construction collapsed in the southern Indian city of Chennai, killing at least 70.
Jack and Emily were the most popular baby names in Northern Ireland in 2014, official figures have revealed.
A 14-year-old girl who hanged herself was not bullied on the internet, an inquest has heard.
A £25m restoration of Canterbury Cathedral is to go ahead after a successful fundraising campaign.
The number of new businesses in Wales has fallen by 26% in the last five years, according to new figures.
A school has defended sending home 15 girls for wearing skirts that were too short.
A 27-year-old stuntwoman who was set to appear in the Deadpool sequel has died in a motorcycle crash.
At least 25 people have been killed and dozens wounded in a suicide attack in northern Afghanistan, officials say.
At least 71 people have died in a road accident in Ghana, officials say.
Scotland's Marc Warren has revealed how he used a £1.5m training aid to help him back into form.
The Irish government is to sell shares in the country's biggest bank, AIB, which it rescued in 2008.
US singer Ariana Grande has cancelled two dates in London on 25 May as part of her world tour.
A property valuation firm has lost details of 17 valuations of homes on an estate earmarked for demolition.
Glasgow has been selected as one of the host cities for the Euro 2020 tournament.
Former Irish foreign minister Peter Barry has died at the age of 81.
The Philippines' former solicitor general and presidential candidate Miriam Defensor Santiago has died at the age of 71.
More than 100,000 commuters were affected by a power failure which left trains without power.
The number of people whose identities were stolen last year rose by 56% compared with the previous year, according to a fraud prevention service.
Miles Jupp is to take over as host of BBC Radio 4's long-running comedy quiz show The News Quiz.
The number of serious offences committed by people under supervision for sexual and violent crimes has risen by 28%, official figures show.
Turnout in the 2017 Northern Ireland Assembly election is expected to be higher than last year's poll.
A council has approved plans to close three day centres and a care home for the elderly in a bid to save more than £1m.
A collection of rare Bob Marley recordings has been restored in time for the singer's birthday in 2013.
Indian anti-corruption campaigner Anna Hazare has broken his fast after 500 MPs said they supported his proposed changes to the law.
A black hole at the centre of a distant galaxy has gone to sleep since 2012, astronomers have found.
About 100 janitors are set to strike for a second time in a dispute over pay.
Scottish soul singer Alistair Donaldson has died at the age of 59.
Scotland has endured its wettest winter since records began in 1910, according to the Met Office.
A black cab driver who sexually assaulted two women in the back of his taxi has been jailed for four sexual offences.
Rory McIlroy won his first PGA Tour event in 10 months at the Deutsche Bank Championship in Massachusetts.
Alastair Cook has stepped down as England's Test captain after five years in the role.
Joe Medicine Crow, a Crow Indian who was the last living war chief of his tribe, has died at the age of 102.
Manchester United have signed England left-back Luke Shaw from Southampton for an initial £27m.
A Second World War veteran who survived the Nagasaki atomic bomb has died aged 97.
Everyone in England and Wales will have to register individually to vote in the 2015 general election under new plans.
The chairman and chief executive of 7-Eleven Australia have resigned following allegations of widespread wage theft at the company's stores.
Folk singer Richard Thompson and singer-songwriter Don McLean have both been nominated for three BBC Radio 2 Folk Awards.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, boosted by mining shares and a better-than-expected reading of the UK service sector.
A vicar has held a Christmas carol service with about 100 people and their pets.
By 2050, 277 million people will need long-term care, according to a new report.
The Africa Cup of Nations will be expanded to include 24 teams from 2019, the Confederation of African Football (Caf) has announced.
The proposed takeover of O2 by rival mobile operator Three in 2015 could face a lengthy investigation.
A man has been left "heartbroken" after being charged £6,200 for his wife's burial.
A US state governor has removed a prosecutor from 21 murder cases, including one involving the death penalty.
A new Welsh Revenue Authority (WRA) will be set up to collect two new taxes being introduced by the Welsh government.
The US has agreed to buy $8m (£5.5m) worth of heavy water from Iran.
A murder investigation has been launched after a 16-year-old girl was found dead in a park.
Guernsey will be competing in the Island Games in Gibraltar in 2019, despite the loss of the mountain biking event.
Valentine's Day is celebrated on 14 February.
A 30-year-old man has been charged after a woman and child were injured during a police raid.
A 12-year-old boy who was given a chance to turn his life around after a murder has been jailed for stabbing a man.
More than 100 people were evacuated from a bar after a fire broke out in the early hours of Sunday morning.
Scotland striker Sammy Watt wants to force his way back into the national team for the Euro 2016 qualifier against Gibraltar.
Sport climbing is set to make its Olympic debut at Tokyo 2020.
An independent investigation has been launched into the handling of child sexual exploitation in Rotherham over a 16-year period.
Ron Dennis says he is not surprised by the criticism McLaren have faced since he returned as team principal six years ago.
Formula 1 chief executive Bernie Ecclestone says the new qualifying system will not be ready for the start of the season.
Liverpool have agreed to sign Hoffenheim striker Roberto Firmino for a fee of £29m.
A textile company has secured £1m of funding to expand its operations on the Isle of Lewis.
Irish voters are going to the polls on Friday to choose the 157 members of the next parliament.
The amount of spam email being sent to people has fallen to its lowest level since 2003, according to security firm Symantec.
Salford Red Devils have lost half-back Todd Carney for up to six weeks with a knee injury ahead of their Challenge Cup tie on 10 June.
Microsoft has confirmed that its free upgrade offer for Windows 10 will end on 29 July.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens has won three awards at the 2016 MTV Movie Awards.
A 30-year-old man has been charged with the murder of a man who was shot dead by police after a chase in West Yorkshire.
Girls are being urged to take part in a 16-day campaign to end violence against women.
A man who has been fighting for his anonymity for 10 years has lost his legal battle.
Two people have been killed and dozens injured in a crash between a train and a vehicle on a construction site in Pennsylvania.
China will close its ivory market by the end of 2017, the government has announced.
A 41-year-old woman has denied murdering a blind woman in Fife.
A 15-year-old boy has been charged with the murder of a mother and daughter found dead at a house in Lincolnshire.
Eastleigh missed the chance to go top of the National League as 10-man Woking held on for victory at the Silverlake Stadium.
A 14-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with the rape of a girl in a park.
Karen Danczuk, the ex-wife of disgraced MP Simon Danczuk, has announced she wants to stand in the general election on 8
The co-creator of The Simpsons, Sam Simon, has died at the age of 59.
Coldplay have announced the title and release date of their seventh studio album.
The trial of an Irish man facing the death penalty in Egypt has been postponed for the 18th time.
A man has been arrested after cannabis plants with an estimated street value of £3,000 were found in a house in Falkirk.
Paul Hollywood has said he will continue to be a judge on The Great British Bake Off when it moves to Channel 4.
Aneurin Donald hopes Glamorgan can go all the way in the T20 Blast after reaching the quarter-finals.
A plane with a face has landed for the final time after 40 years of service.
A 45-year-old man who was cleared of rape has said he is homeless and unable to claim benefits because of a police order.
A major fire at a recycling plant in Newry has left 10 employees injured.
A man has appeared in court in Northern Ireland charged with the kidnap and murder of a County Armagh man 20 years ago.
More than 200 cases of cryptosporidiosis have been confirmed in the South West, public health officials have said.
Australian casino giant Crown Resorts has confirmed that 18 of its employees have been held in China.
Thailand has transferred around 50 police officers as part of a crackdown on human trafficking.
At least 12 people have been killed in China's eastern Zhejiang province as Typhoon Soudelor brought torrential rain.
More than 100 students from the European Union have withdrawn their applications to study at Aberystwyth University.
The 19th Century author Sir Walter Scott was a keen forager, according to his personal journal.
Michael Dunlop won both Supersport 600cc races at the Cookstown 100.
Valentino Rossi won his first race since 2014 with victory at the San Marino Grand Prix in Misano.
Seven men have been jailed for up to 15 years for a "terrifying" attack on a drug dealer in which he was stabbed.
The new film Whisky Galore! has been given a 2016 release date.
A report has called for a new high-speed rail line to stop at Bradford and York.
Shelina Zadok's late goal denied Wales Women victory over Israel in their Euro qualifying campaign.
A remote Scottish island is to have a 24-hour electricity supply after a £2m funding package was completed.
The founder of a micronation in the North Sea has died at the age of 81.
The health minister has intervened in a row over underfunding of learning disability services in the Western Trust.
Archaeologists believe they have found the remains of a chapel begun by King Richard III and abandoned when he was killed in battle.
Aldershot were denied a first win of the season as 10-man York held on for a point.
The Algerian Football Federation has appointed Vicente Seguí as coach for the second time.
A bride whose 19th Century wedding dress went missing has been reunited with it after a social media appeal.
Scotland's Callum Hawkins is part of a British team seeking a third successive European Cross Country Championships title in Italy on Sunday.
A new steel processing business has opened in Caerphilly county, creating 20 jobs.
West Ham striker Andy Carroll could make his first appearance of the season in the match against Newcastle on 12 September.
Hampshire have re-signed West Indies fast bowler Fidel Edwards for the 2017 season.
The 41st Ryder Cup gets under way on Friday, 30 September, with live coverage on BBC Radio 5 live, TV and online.
US actor Paul Winfield, who played the father of Sidney Poitier's character in the 1967 film In the Heat of the Night, has died
A Taiwan bus driver who killed 26 people in a fiery crash last month had planned to take his own life, officials say.
Essex beat Leicestershire by 47 runs in their Division Two match at Chelmsford to move up to third in the table.
A former GP in Shropshire is being investigated over claims he sexually abused young patients in the 1970s.
Harlequins have signed former American football player Psalm Wooching for the World Club 10s tournament in Mauritius.
A toddler who fell 10 stories from a Minneapolis apartment building has survived, doctors say.
McLaren F1 boss Mauricio Capito has left the company with immediate effect, less than six months after joining in 2016.
A 16-year-old boy who photoshops his online profile pictures to hide his spots and double chin says he is "genuinely fat".
The UK new car market set a record in 2016, but sales are expected to fall in 2017.
China's Under-19s could play in Germany's fifth tier from 2017, according to the German FA (DFB).
Germany's economy is more than three times the size of France's, and almost four times that of the UK.
A 35-year-old mother has admitted causing the death of her adopted daughter.
Nottinghamshire closed on 170 after bowling Yorkshire opener Adam Lyth with the first ball of the game.
A bomb attack on a vegetable market in eastern Iraq has killed at least 10 people, officials say.
The family of US comedian Joan Rivers has reached a settlement in a lawsuit over her death at the age of 81.
At least 34 people have been killed in an attack by Islamic State (IS) militants on a police base in the Iraqi city of Tikrit, officials say
People born in 1915 are more likely to be in good health in their 90s than those born a decade earlier, a study suggests.
Police have launched a major search for a 65-year-old man who has gone missing from his home in Greenock.
Sickness levels among ambulance staff in Wales are at their lowest since 2014, according to new figures.
A man who supplied IS with a list of 1,300 US military personnel has pleaded guilty to terrorism charges.
The death toll from landslides in western Japan has risen to 41, with 51 people still missing.
No valid drugs testing has been carried out in Spanish football since March 2016, the World Anti-Doping Agency has said.
Edinburgh head coach Alan Solomons believes his side have closed the gap on Glasgow in the Pro12.
A hospital trust has reported 22 cases where cancer patients were lost to follow-up, including three deaths.
Morecambe have released midfielder Paul Murphy, who has been forced to retire because of a knee injury.
A Russian helicopter crash in Siberia has killed 12 people, officials say.
Thousands of steel workers are protesting in Brussels on 11 October over the future of the industry.
Poet John Agard has been named the winner of the 100th Cholmondeley Award.
The Daily Mail has paid tribute to its former astrologer Jonathan Cainer, who has died aged 59.
Spanish rider David Maeso has been confirmed as the first international rider for this year's North West 200.
A new DNA technique is being used in a bid to identify a man murdered in Northamptonshire 85 years ago.
A man has been murdered in a "horrific" shooting in east London 13 years ago, police have said.
The number of births in Scotland in 2014 was the highest for seven years, according to official figures.
A fire has destroyed a 150-year-old building in Norfolk.
Gareth Southgate has turned down the chance to be England manager on a temporary basis until December 2016.
People with small pension pots are being charged an average of £2m to access their savings, according to a consumer group.
The Evening Standard British Film Awards have announced their shortlist for 2016.
A man who groomed and sexually abused two 14-year-old girls has been jailed for five years.
India and Pakistan have agreed to hold talks in 2012 to try to resolve their long-running disputes.
Tram tracks which were first buried in Nottingham in 1900 are to be removed and preserved.
A controversial wind farm in County Londonderry has been approved by the Northern Ireland environment minister in 2015.
The Commonwealth Games Federation is considering a bid from England to host the 2022 Commonwealth Games.
Staff at the 111 call centre in Dorset were "exhausted" and "falling asleep on shift", a whistleblower has claimed.
North Korea has executed 15 senior officials in the first four months of this year, South Korea's spy agency has told politicians.
Manny Pacquiao's team will meet on 10 August to discuss a fight against American Jessie Vargas.
At least eight people have died in flash floods in the Indian Ocean island of Mauritius, officials say.
British Olympic champion Nicola Adams will begin her Rio 2016 boxing campaign on 14 August against an opponent to be decided.
Police have found 150 vehicles that were being stored by a company which appears to have ceased trading.
Ireland suffered a narrow 13-run defeat by Bangladesh in their final warm-up match ahead of the 2014 ICC Women's World
A man has been charged with the murder of missing Swindon woman Sian O'Callaghan, who was in her early 20s.
A family of eight has been told it will be made homeless if it does not accept a council house.
The Democratic presidential candidates have been battling it out in primaries in three states on 3 May.
An ambulance service is looking to recruit 300 more paramedics to help improve its performance.
A flute band formed in 1856 has been paying tribute to its members who fought in World War One.
An Indian man who admitted to spying for Pakistan has been released after 30 years in jail.
The police ombudsman is to investigate claims that the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) had an informer in the IRA before the Shankill bomb
New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum will retire from Test cricket after the second Test against Australia in Christchurch on Sunday.
Bosnian Serbs have voted overwhelmingly to keep 9 January as their national holiday, despite a court ruling banning the referendum.
A 13-year-old boy who refused cancer treatment and fled his home in England is to be operated on, a judge has ruled.
Gunmen have kidnapped 30 Afghan men in southern Afghanistan, officials say.
More than 150 scientists have called for the Rio Olympics to be postponed or moved because of the Zika virus.
About 95 cars have been damaged in a fire at a car compound in Leicester.
A council has been told to "rapidly improve" 60 primary schools in the area.
Hundreds of people have gathered in the Rwandan capital, Kigali, to protest against the arrest of a senior military officer.
California's governor has dropped a plan to cut oil use in half by 2030, amid opposition from the oil industry.
Ryanair has announced 11 new routes from Glasgow and Edinburgh airports.
Two French pilots who escaped from the Dominican Republic while awaiting trial for drug smuggling have returned to France.
Women who have had their tonsils or appendix removed are 10% more likely to get pregnant than those who have not, a study suggests.
A £1bn City Deal for Cardiff could be agreed by the end of the year, the city council has said.
A man who was cleared of rape has said he is being punished for a crime he did not commit after being given a five-year sex ban.
(Close): The FTSE 100 index closed lower, dragged down by shares in Sky.
Delta Air Lines is in talks to buy the Bombardier C Series 100 aircraft, according to reports.
Merseyrail services have been brought to a halt in a 24-hour strike by guards over the introduction of driver-only-operated trains.
The Welsh Government has declared 2017 as the Year of Legends.
Japan's Misao Okawa, who was recognised as the world's oldest person, has died at the age of 117.
Yorkshire have re-signed New Zealand captain Kane Williamson for a third spell with the club, this time for 14 games.
More than 1,000 people have been evacuated from their homes in northern Spain as forest fires rage out of control.
Welsh environmentalists are calling for action on climate change at the COP21 meeting in Paris.
Formula 1 team McLaren is creating 250 new jobs at its Surrey factory.
Leinster scored eight tries as they eased past Zebre in the Pro12 at the RDS Arena.
Ferguson Marine Engineering Limited has received a £1m grant from Scottish Enterprise to help rebuild its shipyard.
Cardiff Blues head coach Danny Wilson says his side showed great character to beat Edinburgh in the Pro12.
Formula 1 has signed a deal with Snapchat to cover all 21 races of the season on the social media platform.
Glasgow Warriors have signed New Zealand-born Scotland wing Sean Maitland from Super Rugby side the Chiefs for the 2015-16 season
Brazilian footballer Robinho has become the latest celebrity to leave The Jump after breaking his ankle in a training accident.
A six-year-old Afghan boy who became an internet sensation after being photographed wearing a Messi shirt has met his hero.
A 43-year-old woman has been shot in the head at a memorial service for her daughter in Chicago.
Facebook has apologised after a user complained that a picture of his dead daughter was included in a "Year in Review" ad in 2014.
Derbyshire beat Worcestershire by an innings and 303 runs to move back into the Division Two promotion places.
Two men suspected of helping the Paris attackers are being investigated in Austria over the 130 deaths in the French capital.
Cellist Sheku Kanneh-Mason has won the 2010 BBC Young Musician competition.
Welsh artist Bedwyr Williams has won the 10th Artes Mundi prize, the UK's largest award for contemporary visual arts.
British driver Jolyon Palmer has been retained by Renault for the 2017 season.
The trial of an Irish teenager being held in an Egyptian prison has been adjourned for the 15th time.
A company which wants to extract lithium from Cornish mines has received £1m from private investors.
The death of a prostitute in 2005 is to be reinvestigated by Police Scotland, the Crown Office has announced.
Haas F1 have unveiled their 2017 car, the VF-17, which they hope will help them build on their impressive debut season.
The design of a 29-mile stretch of the A96 is to be put out to tender, the Scottish government has announced.
(Close): The FTSE 100 index closed lower, with mining shares hit by a drop in metals prices.
The UK is to spend more than £6bn tackling congestion on its roads, according to new research.
Actors have voted by 90% in favour of a strike over pay and conditions in the video games industry.
A temporary export bar has been placed on a 19th Century Van Gogh painting in a bid to keep it in the UK.
S Club 7 have announced a UK tour for 2015.
More than 500 bicycles have been stolen from cyclists in London over the past year, according to police figures.
France is hosting a meeting in Paris on Tuesday of 22 countries to discuss the fight against so-called Islamic State (IS) in Iraq.
Jeremy Corbyn has said he wants to invest £130m in coastal towns in England.
Two people were taken to hospital after a chemical incident at a leisure centre in south-west London.
Facebook has revealed that it was forced to hand over data from 381 users to US authorities.
Leicestershire have signed Ireland all-rounder Kevin O'Brien for the T20 Blast.
About 100 people have taken part in Ukraine's first gay pride march in the capital, Kiev.
Former BHS owner Dominic Chappell has been fined £1,000 for speeding.
Barnsley have appointed Paul Heckingbottom as their new head coach after he led them to promotion to the Championship.
The Welsh government is considering a return to a structure of local authorities last seen in 1996.
A Belfast hotel developer has bought a landmark building in the city centre for £15m.
Daimler's share price fell 5% after it announced an investigation into possible emissions test cheating.
Australia's new crossbench of seven independent senators has been sworn in, giving them the power to block the government's agenda.
Police investigating the disappearance of a three-year-old girl 35 years ago have released a new e-fit of a man they want to trace.
Long-serving Labour MP Ann Clwyd has decided to stand for re-election in the Cynon Valley - after 31 years as an MP.
More than 150 people have died around the coast of Scotland in the past four years, according to the RNLI.
Hampden Park will host the Scottish Cup semi-final between Celtic and Rangers in front of a capacity crowd of 50,000.
A man has completed a 15-day swim down the River Severn from source to sea.
Two 17-year-old boys who died after falling from a cliff in North Yorkshire have been named by police.
The deportation of 100 African migrants from South Africa has been halted by a court order.
A £16m dementia research project is being launched in Wales.
A 3D-printed prosthetic beak has been fitted to a loggerhead turtle after it lost half of its jaws in a fishing accident.
A teenager who was sexually abused by a man he met on Facebook when he was 15 has spoken out about his ordeal.
Kent Women captain Charlotte Edwards has announced she will retire from the county at the end of the 2016 season.
The remains of a castle which inspired Shakespeare's Hamlet is to be marked for the first time in 43 years.
The ITF has announced that the Davis Cup and Fed Cup finals will be combined into a new 10-day World Cup of Tennis event.
A private funeral service has been held for a police officer who was shot dead 25 years ago.
Clara Amfo is to take over from Jameela Jamil as the host of BBC Radio 1's Official Chart Show.
The Home Office is to release 30 files relating to the policing of the 1984 miners' strike, including those on the Battle of Orgreave
The UK's oldest man has celebrated his 100th birthday with a party and a bottle of 172-year-old wine.
A driver who reached speeds of up to 140mph on a country road has been spared jail.
A £132m development project to transform Wolverhampton city centre has been given the go-ahead.
More than 200 people were underpaid by a new payroll system introduced by a council.
Red Bull have confirmed they will retain Carlos Sainz Jr for the 2017 Formula 1 season.
Two teeth removed from the grave of King John more than 200 years ago are to go on public display.
At least 15 people have been killed in an attack on a dog-fighting event in southern Afghanistan, officials say.
The University of Lincoln will receive £10m to build a new health science centre, the government has announced.
Drake has scored his 15th week at number one on the UK singles chart.
Samsung has announced it will release a new version of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone, which was recalled last year due to fire risks.
Former Frome Town manager Lee Bunyard has been banned from football for six years after placing more than 20 bets against his own team.
Edinburgh full-back Blair Kinghorn has signed a new deal to stay at Murrayfield until the summer of 2019.
John Lewis has appointed its first female managing director, Paula Nickolds, to take over in 2017.
The Irish government has pardoned a man who was executed 83 years ago for a murder he may not have committed.
Snooker should be considered for inclusion at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics, says the sport's governing body.
Leicester Riders and Great Britain forward Drew Sullivan is retiring from basketball at the age of 35.
About 100 teachers in Powys have gone on strike in protest at plans to reorganise secondary schools in the county.
Three former care workers have been jailed for a total of 35 years for sexually abusing boys at a school.
Celtic players have paid tribute to a 13-year-old boy who died after collapsing during a football match.
A Nigerian man who enrolled at primary school at the age of 83 has died aged 94.
Hampshire captain Will Smith hit 209 as the hosts dominated Lancashire on day two of their County Championship match.
A truck manufacturer is to cut 65 jobs at its plant in North Lanarkshire.
An 80-year-old woman who was robbed of her life savings by a bogus workman has been left "extremely upset".
A proposal to streamline clinical trials in Europe from 2016 would undermine patient safety, German doctors say.
At least 53 girls and adolescents were allegedly abused by US soldiers in Colombia, the Colombian government says.
A 14-year-old girl has taken a selfie with Prince William after asking him for a photo at Sandringham.
A scheme to get 75,000 people with mental health problems more active has been launched.
People who are overweight face a 10% increased risk of early death, a study suggests.
Shares in Stanley Gibbons continued to rise on Monday, up 10% after a 18% jump on Friday.
Troon has voted to admit female members in time for the 145th Open Championship at the Ayrshire course in July.
Glamorgan beat Gloucestershire by four wickets in a match that saw two 100-run partnerships.
Scarlets held on to beat Leinster and move up to fourth in the Pro12 despite being reduced to 14 men.
Sri Lanka have named Lasith Malinga as captain for the 2016 World Twenty20 in India, but the fast bowler will miss the tournament
A man who murdered a father-of-two in a pub brawl has been jailed for 12 years.
Great Britain's Laura Trott is targeting a new world record at the 2012 Olympic velodrome.
At least 43 people have died in the Philippines after a powerful typhoon triggered flash floods and landslides, officials say.
Up to 40 foreign sex workers are moving into residential streets in Swindon every week, police have said.
Newcastle boss Steve McClaren says the club's £50m spending on new players in January will help them avoid relegation.
The plans for a £1bn city centre development by two former Manchester United players have been put on hold.
A 21-year-old soldier has been killed in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has said.
Home Depot has revealed that email addresses of 53 million customers were stolen in a data breach.
Congolese opposition leader Etienne Tshisekedi has died at the age of 84, his party says.
At least 14 people were injured on a flight from Toronto to Hong Kong after the plane hit severe turbulence.
Glamorgan have announced that Jacques Rudolph has signed a contract extension with the county until 2015.
The leader of a council at the centre of a financial scandal is to step down after 10 years in the role.
A hospital trust rated "inadequate" has secured £20m to improve services and recruit more staff.
The Dow Jones closed at a record high for the 13th straight session on Monday, as investors awaited US President Donald Trump's speech.
Voters in Northern Ireland have been warned they will be turned away from polling stations if they fail to register by 20 April.
London will host four NFL games in 2017, the most ever staged in a single season.
Scarlets moved up to second in the Pro12 with a narrow win over sixth-placed Ulster.
A convicted murderer has been awarded £1m in compensation after some of his possessions went missing during a prison transfer.
Former world champion Amir Khan says he is "100%" committed to mixed martial arts.
A theatre is celebrating its 150th birthday with a special performance of its first ever pantomime.
A virtual world replica of Scotland's highest mountain, Ben Nevis, has been created by Ordnance Survey.
World number five Kirsty Gilmour has announced her retirement from badminton, aged 22, after failing to qualify for the 2016 Olympics.
Pakistan thrashed Ireland by 216 runs in the first one-day international in Belfast, with the visitors scoring 337-6 and
The number of police officers in Wales has fallen by 10% since the Conservatives came to power, Plaid Cymru has claimed.
A deal to attract £500m of investment from China to Scotland will not have a long-term impact, experts have said.
Middlesex need 10 points to overtake Lancashire and win the County Championship.
Ninety per cent of diesel Volkswagen car owners bought their vehicle because of its fuel efficiency and low environmental impact, a survey suggests.
A station which has been closed for 31 years has reopened in east London.
James Guy won his first senior British title in the 50m freestyle at the British Championships in Sheffield.
A suspected chemical attack at a college has left 15 people taken to hospital.
Girls aged 14 and over spend half their time on household chores, compared to boys, a new report says.
A married couple who present a BBC radio show are due to appear in court in 2016 charged with child sex offences.
A man charged with the murder of a Northern Ireland prison officer in 2012 has been arrested in the Republic of Ireland.
Councillors in Calderdale have agreed to allocate £1m to help businesses recover from the Boxing Day floods.
A castle which was once home to the princes of Wales will open to the public for the first time in 2013.
Scotland captain Preston Mommsen says he is proud of his side despite a heavy defeat by Pakistan in Edinburgh.
The number of children reported missing in Gwent has risen by 21% in a year, according to new figures.
A memorial service has been held to mark 40 years since a Canberra jet crashed in Cambridgeshire.
Worcestershire batsman Alex Gidman has been forced to retire from cricket at the age of 35 after a finger injury.
Almost 100% of drugs being developed to treat Alzheimer's disease have failed in clinical trials, say US scientists.
A man who robbed two shops at knifepoint has been jailed for another 12 months for the latest offence.
About 150 people were evacuated from their homes after a gas leak in south-east London.
Southern rail workers could stage a 48-hour strike in a dispute over staffing levels and working conditions.
Phyllida Barlow has been named as the British artist to represent the UK at the Venice Biennale 2017.
Two soldiers killed in World War Two have been reburied in a ceremony at St Mary's Church in Tidworth, Wiltshire, 70 years after their
More than 2,300 historic sites in England are at risk of being lost, according to a new register.
Rebekah Tiler won gold in the -75kg weightlifting event as Great Britain claimed a first Commonwealth Games medal of Glasgow 2014.
South African authorities have closed 10 schools in Cape Town after a spate of gang-related shootings.
A woman facing deportation to Zambia after 22 years in the UK has been given a temporary reprieve.
A £10m plan to remodel the entrances to Northampton's Grosvenor Centre has been announced.
A shortage of 40 radiologists is impacting on how quickly patients are receiving cancer diagnosis in Northern Ireland.
Jonathan Sexton could return for Leinster's Pro12 game against Ulster on New Year's Eve.
A council has drawn up plans to sell off assets worth £82m over the next four years.
An Aberdeenshire-based offshore vessel company has been rescued from administration with £18m of new investment.
A school has reversed a decision to let pupils leave early to watch England play Wales at Euro 2016.
An 89-year-old woman died after a supermarket door hit her and caused a fatal injury, an inquest has heard.
Widnes Vikings full-back Matt Hanbury has signed a new deal with the club until 2018.
A major diversion of the M8 is to be put in place to complete the missing link of the motorway.
More than 55,000 parents did not take up a government-funded parenting scheme, according to Labour.
A 101-year-old woman who was mugged in her home in north London has said she is now afraid to go back.
Fast food chain McDonald's has extended its sponsorship deal with the International Olympic Committee until 2020.
A tattoo artist who filmed women in the toilet and sexually assaulted them has been jailed for 20 years.
At least 17 people have been injured after severe turbulence hit a China Eastern Airlines flight from Paris to China.
More than 100 jobs have been lost at a steel fabrication company in Newport.
Scotland were beaten by 10 runs in a rain-affected Twenty20 game against Hong Kong in Aberdeen.
A 16-year-old boy who raped two teenage girls has been jailed for three years.
The initial public offering (IPO) price range for Snapchat has been set at $14 to $16 per share.
More than 100 patients who have been referred to hospital by their GPs have been forgotten about, a trust has said.
A book that was 80 years overdue has been returned to a library in County Meath.
Russia has warned the US against sending 200 paratroopers to Ukraine to train local troops.
Campaigners have gathered to save a 150-year-old tree in Sheffield which is due to be felled.
A woman was seriously injured when she was hit by a number 52 bus in west London.
The first named storm of the season has hit the UK and Ireland.
India and Bangladesh have agreed to exchange land and people in a border dispute by 2025.
Ulster have cancelled a £1m deal to sign South Africa flanker Arno Botha from Super Rugby side the Bulls.
The billionaire owner of mining giant Vedanta Resources is to acquire a 5% stake in Anglo American.
Libyan officials have exhumed 19 bodies from two mass graves in Tripoli.
The owners of a historic stately home have put it up for sale with an asking price of £10m.
The proposed merger between O2 and Three would not be in the public interest, Ofcom has said.
BBC Two comedy Goodness Gracious Me is celebrating its 20th anniversary with a new episode.
A traditional Oxfordshire bun-throwing ceremony has been held to celebrate the 90th birthday of Queen Elizabeth II.
The NHS will need an extra £2bn next year to avoid a financial crisis, a leading health think-tank has warned.
Africa has not recorded a single case of wild polio in the last 15 months.
The new deal to govern Formula 1 has been agreed between the sport's commercial rights-holder and the governing body.
Kenya's Mary Keitany won her third New York Marathon in 2016 to join a select group of elite female runners.
John Menzies is buying aviation services company Asig for £150m.
A £1m haul of gold seized by HM Revenue and Customs is being auctioned off in Northern Ireland.
The Scottish government has said it expects the value of country sports tourism to grow to £185m by 2020.
The data of 200,000 O2 customers is being sold online, the BBC has learned.
A Dundee mother-of-13 is to run a new charity race in aid of her daughter's pregnancy.
Tunisia gained independence from France in 1956.
Police Scotland has confirmed that 55 public counters will close as part of a major shake-up of the force.
Olympic gymnast Louis Smith has won the Christmas special of Strictly Come Dancing Series 12.
A steel firm which employs 333 people in the West Midlands and south Wales has been sold.
A man who pretended to work for Mercedes has been jailed for 30 months.
Red Bull and Mercedes say they are encouraged by the new owners of F1, Liberty Media, who have bought 35% of the sport.
Marie-Ange Koutou is one of the BBC's 100 Women.
A 25-year-old teacher who was found dead at a hotel has been named by her family.
Former England goalkeeper Peter Shilton believes Wayne Rooney should retire from international football at the age of 31.
A message in a bottle sent by three Swedish children has been found in Panama 22 years later.
A 30-year-old man has been killed after being hit by a car while walking on the M78 in North Ayrshire.
England Under-19s will compete in the World Cup in Bangladesh in January, despite the withdrawal of Australia.
Chinese technology firm Lenovo has reported its first quarterly profit since the first quarter of 2013.
Southampton ended a 27-year wait for a victory at Old Trafford as they beat Manchester United.
Couples who had booked weddings at a hotel which suddenly closed last month are owed £100,000, it has been revealed.
US President Donald Trump has thanked Russian President Vladimir Putin for reducing the US diplomatic presence in Russia by 400 people.
A man who tried to drag a girl into bushes in Rochdale has been caught on CCTV, police have said.
Derby County have appointed 56-year-old former FA technical director John Peacock as their new first-team coach.
The use of transport in Scotland has fallen by 6% over the last decade, according to a new strategy.
A memorial to 200 men killed in the biggest non-battle explosion in the UK has been given Grade II listed status on its 100th anniversary.
The founder of the anonymous imageboard 4chan is joining Google, the BBC understands.
London schools would have to make savings of £1bn a year under government plans to change the way schools are funded, a think tank has said.
Nico Rosberg has been given a five-second penalty for receiving instructions during the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Microsoft has announced the launch of Windows 10, the successor to the Windows 8 operating system.
Austria is one of the last countries in Europe to ban smoking in restaurants, cafes and bars.
Applications to UK universities have fallen by more than 7% in the first drop since tuition fees were increased.
A "unique" Roman burial site has been uncovered in Hertfordshire, with experts saying it is worth more than £20,000.
A search is under way for a missing doctor who has been missing for 48 hours.
Housebuilding output in the UK fell by 3% in the final three months of 2014, official figures show.
Nigel Farage missed Thursday's BBC Question Time after getting stuck in traffic on the A1.
Nicole Kidman says she is "hypnotised" by the films of Greek director Yorgos Lanthimos, who is directing her in Cannes for
At least 100 people have been injured in a train derailment in New York, officials say.
Young people are 32% less likely to vote than the over-65s, according to a think tank.
The British woman who survived an attack by an Australian man who murdered her fiancé 15 years ago has returned to the scene of the crime.
Labour has taken 12 seats from the Liberal Democrats in Liverpool in the local elections.
Shares in Asia rose on Monday, with Australia's benchmark index up 1.5% on the back of a mining sector rally.
The family of a boy who was on board missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has reached a settlement with the airline.
A World War Two veteran has been presented with a new medal to honour his service on the Arctic convoys in 1945.
A huge database of personal information has been leaked online in 2017, security experts have warned.
Birmingham City's first manager Brian Clough Goodwin has died at the age of 78.
US country music star Arthur Smith has died at the age of 93, his family has announced.
A job advert for a new chief constable has been criticised for using "ploddledegook" and "jargon".
A woman found a 20ft snake in her kitchen drawer.
Two soldiers killed in Afghanistan on Wednesday have become the 362nd and 363rd British troops to die in the conflict.
A cat that travelled more than 100 miles in the back of a van has been found by a kind-hearted motorist.
(Close): The Dow Jones 30 fell on Wednesday after Disney reported a drop in subscribers to its sports channel.
Tomas Borge, a leading figure in Nicaragua's Sandinista revolution, has died at the age of 83.
A loch in the Highlands has been revealed to be 100ft deep after the water level was lowered.
A double-decker bus carrying 26 schoolchildren has become stranded in flood water in North Yorkshire.
World champion Lewis Hamilton will not face action after being filmed riding a motorbike at 60mph while using his phone.
Great Britain's Alex Danson has been left out of England's squad for the 2014 World Cup in The Hague.
The mother of a woman who disappeared 28 years ago has said she is "hopeful" after three men were arrested on suspicion of murder.
A woman who continued to claim her mother's pensions for 22 years after her death has been caught by pension administrators.
Improvements to a notorious stretch of the A9 in Caithness are to be included in the £3bn upgrade of the route.
Brazil's Senate has approved a controversial constitutional amendment to freeze public spending for 20 years.
West Brom have rejected a £15m bid from Tottenham for England striker Saido Berahino.
A man, 41, has been arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with the discovery of human remains in south London.
Vicky Holland and Jess Learmonth finished fourth and fifth respectively in the World Triathlon Series in Abu Dhabi on Saturday.
The UK's intelligence agency GCHQ has announced it will run four summer schools for 18-year-olds interested in cybersecurity.
Ivory Coast have been given a big budget boost ahead of the 2017 African Cup of Nations.
Fire stations in Northumberland could close as part of £2m cuts to the fire service.
Two poems by JRR Tolkien have been discovered in a 1936 school magazine.
The boom in micro breweries in Wales is the biggest since the 1990s, according to industry experts.
The benefit of diabetes drugs is outweighed by the risks for people over the age of 75, a study suggests.
British heavyweight Tyson Fury has been named Ring magazine's fighter of the year for 2016.
Shares in Aberdeen-based engineering firm Wood Group have risen 2% after it reported a sharp fall in profits.
Flintshire council is asking residents to help it find ways of saving £7m.
Steven Adams is only 22 years old but the New Zealander is already a star in the NBA.
HP has cancelled orders for laptops sold for £1.58 after a pricing error on its website.
A man has been arrested after stabbing five people to death and injuring 55 others in a supermarket in the German city of Hamburg.
Boris Johnson has been accused of misleading voters with his claim that the UK sends £350m a week to the EU.
At least 105 people have been killed and hundreds injured in Saudi Arabia after a crane collapsed on the Grand Mosque in Mecca.
The cost of the Aberdeen bypass has risen to £653m, the Scottish government has confirmed.
The Police Federation of Northern Ireland has announced a £1m fund to help officers suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
An Arkansas inmate who escaped from prison 32 years ago has been recaptured.
Malaysian police have arrested 100 foreigners in a crackdown on illegal immigrants in the capital Kuala Lumpur.
Aurigny's debt of £25m is to be written off by the States of Guernsey.
Former world champion Frank Bruno should not be allowed to fight again at the age of 54, says promoter Eddie Hearn.
Leicester's Premier League title triumph would cost bookmakers £1m, according to Betfred boss Fred Done.
Australia have named an unchanged starting XV for Saturday's crucial 2015 World Cup match against England.
Personal details of vulnerable adults were accidentally posted online by Gloucestershire County Council in 2017.
A famous tigress of India's Ranthambore National Park has died at the age of 19.
Hibernian have signed former Celtic winger Kris Commons on a 93-day loan deal from the Scottish champions.
The number of people who have reported being sexually abused as children in football has risen by more than 100, police have said.
Motorists could face a £100 fine for littering from cars under new rules being introduced in London.
A German man who was to have stood trial for his alleged role at the Auschwitz death camp has died, aged 98.
The number of councils in Wales charging for pest control services has increased by three in the past two years.
Tottenham Hotspur missed the chance to go top of their Europa League group after a 1-1 draw at Fiorentina.
The Duke of Cornwall has backed a fundraising appeal to secure the future of a festival celebrating its 50th anniversary.
Two Blackpool piers have been sold for £1.5m.
A service has been held in Birmingham to mark the 40th anniversary of the IRA pub bombings.
A woman has died and a 25-year-old man has been seriously injured in a crash on the A939 near Tomintoul.
At least 13 people have died in wildfires in the US state of Tennessee, officials say.
The Queen's 60th year on the throne has been marked with a series of events in Cardiff.
Durham beat Leicestershire by 11 runs in the One-Day Cup despite the Foxes chasing 340 to win.
A Turkish journalist is among 111 names on a list of journalists accused of links to the coup plot against President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
The Tokyo Tower Hotel, a landmark of Japanese architecture, is being demolished.
The Duchess of Cambridge has spent 12 hours in Luxembourg on the first day of her two-day tour of Europe.
A Typhoon fighter jet has been painted in the colours of a Hurricane aircraft from the Battle of Britain, to mark the 75th anniversary.
Ten of the world's biggest oil and gas companies have announced a new initiative to tackle climate change.
Two men who stole sex toys from a Belfast shop where they worked have been given five-month jail terms, suspended for a year.
Wales is marking the 70th anniversary of the end of World War Two with services to remember those who fought in the Far East.
Glen Chapple and Jimmy Anderson have been recalled by England for the first County Championship match against Pakistan at Old Trafford on Friday.
A new Â£9m railway station in Derbyshire has been given the go-ahead by the government.
A former Rwandan pastor has been found guilty of genocide in 1994.
Revenue Scotland has collected £572m in its first year of operation, exceeding its original forecast.
A claim made by an MP in a parliamentary debate on 16 December that air pollution in London was worse than in Beijing has been examined.
A bridge over the River Hull is to be built as part of Hull's 2017 City of Culture project.
The cost of running Staffordshire's Shugborough stately home for the next 10 years could be passed to the National Trust.
A 300th anniversary celebration is being held for a bridge in the Highlands.
A Russian Mi-28 attack helicopter has crashed during an air show, killing one pilot and injuring another.
The BBC has announced that it will broadcast 24 Olympic channels during the London 2012 Games.
An all-lane running system is being introduced on the M6 in the West Midlands.
Police have arrested 19 men for alleged sectarian offences at the Old Firm game at Celtic Park on Saturday.
A coach driver has been praised for helping to evacuate 60 schoolchildren from a burning bus on the M6.
The Tube unions have announced three 24-hour strikes on the London Underground.
Ian Bell is set to return for England in the 2017/18 Ashes series, according to his county Warwickshire.
Republican Senator Lindsey Graham has confirmed he is running for the 2016 US presidential election.
A construction firm has announced it is closing its bridge manufacturing site in Chepstow with the loss of 330 jobs.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says his players have been practising penalty kicks for five days out of their training schedule in France.
Venezuela's electoral council has banned the main opposition leader, Henrique Capriles, from holding public office for 14 years.
Japanese shares rose on Friday, with investors betting on an interest rate hike by the US Federal Reserve in 2015.
Warwickshire have signed New Zealand World Cup final hero Grant Elliott as a Kolpak player for the 2016 season.
Downing Street has denied claims that Prime Minister David Cameron's cat Larry is not liked by Number 10 staff, who brought him in in 2011.
Joe Ledley has been included in Wales' Euro 2016 squad despite suffering a knee injury.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino has signed a contract extension to keep him at the club until 2019.
The Bank of England has announced that the new £5 note will be made of plastic.
Parents are campaigning against a third rise in the price of a bus pass for 16-year-olds in Kent.
Scottish distiller Inver House has secured a £30m loan facility from the Bank of Scotland.
Swansea City are interested in signing striker Alberto Paloschi from Serie A side Chievo for about £5m.
Gregor Townsend will take over as Scotland head coach after Vern Cotter's contract ends following the 2017 Rugby World Cup.
German rider Stefan Saiger set the early pace in the 115mph Classic TT with a lap of the Mountain Course.
BBC Radio 1 has announced that it is giving a new show to singer-songwriter Jack Garratt.
Nine pupils were taken to hospital after taking an unknown substance at a school in Newport.
An 11-year-old boy died after paramedics were allegedly told not to take him to his local hospital.
The HS2 rail line could bring thousands of jobs to Nottinghamshire, the Conservative MP has said.
The number of people killed in fires in Scotland has fallen to its lowest level in 25 years, according to new figures.
The former Ulster GAA secretary, Danny Murphy, has died at the age of 70.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle have appointed former Ross County and Hearts manager John Robertson as their new boss on a two-year deal.
A "huge mountain" of 100 tonnes of rubbish has been dumped on land near Telford.
West Ham will receive about £25m for France international Dimitri Payet, who is joining Marseille.
Former TV-am presenter Mike Morris has died at the age of 65 after a long illness.
The roof of the Cardiff's Principality Stadium will be closed for the 2017 Champions League final.
Water companies have pocketed £1bn in savings over the past five years, according to a report by the government's spending watchdog.
St Mirren have appointed former Dundee boss Gary Rae as their new manager until 2017.
Liverpool's grassroots football facilities are to be transformed in a £17m investment.
The International Olympic Committee is in talks with the world governing body of amateur boxing over the possibility of professional boxers competing at Rio 2016.
Edmund Allen aims to produce 1,000 tonnes of apples this year.
The deaths of Peaches Geldof and Robin Williams were the most searched-for news stories in the UK in 2014.
Two amateur golfers have scored aces at the same hole in a round of golf in odds of 25 million-to-one.
A member of the aristocracy has been banned from driving for six months and given 24 points on his licence for speeding.
A 16-year-old boy has been killed at a school in Aberdeen.
Former New Zealand international Sione Lauaki has died at the age of 35.
Six people have been arrested in the early hours of Friday morning in connection with a suspected terrorist plot.
Walter Zenga has been sacked as Wolves manager after just 73 days in charge in the 2016-17 season.
Police in Chicago are investigating after a 15-year-old girl was allegedly sexually assaulted and the attack streamed live on Facebook.
Police in Argentina have arrested 15 people suspected of being members of the Anonymous hacking group.
Scientists have identified 37 viruses that could cause the next global pandemic.
The winners of the £148m Euromillions jackpot are set to be revealed later.
Up to 40 jobs are at risk at a quarry in Argyll.
Germany has reached an agreement with Facebook, Twitter and Google to remove hate speech from their sites within 24 hours.
Essex all-rounder Ravi Bopara will miss the first match of the T20 Blast on 1 July after injuring his elbow.
Norton Motorcycles have announced a two-man team for the 2017 Isle of Man TT races.
A developer has said it is unlikely that 150 uncompleted flats in Ipswich will be finished.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, with shares in Unilever and Burberry among the big movers.
The UK's current account deficit was £32bn in the first three months of 2016.
A former NHS chief executive who claimed to have a doctorate has been jailed for fraud worth more than £1m.
Paul di Resta will be Williams' reserve driver for the 2017 Formula 1 season.
The family of a west Belfast man murdered 25 years ago have met police to discuss the case.
A 12-year-old dog is recovering after being attacked by burglars who broke into her owner's home.
A £53m deal has been agreed to build a new arena in Bristol.
Spain's unemployment rate fell in the last three months of 2015, official figures have shown.
Principality Building Society has reported a 10% fall in annual profits.
A 20-year-old man was shot in the hand during a wedding feast in Londonderry on Wednesday night.
Williams F1 boss Toto Wolff has sold his remaining 5% shareholding in the team.
Somerset opener Marcus Trescothick has announced his retirement after scoring his 100th first-class century.
More than 40 million children in the Middle East and North Africa are out of school because of conflict, according to a new report.
Labour's Diane Abbott has revealed she has type 2 diabetes and says it affected her performance during the general election campaign.
Boris Johnson has apologised after flooring a young Japanese boy during a game of touch rugby at the Rugby World Cup.
A prototype for a "realistic" human heart has been created in 18 months.
Two Belgian police officers have been arrested and questioned after helping 13 migrants cross the border into France.
A Northern Ireland couple who were on honeymoon in South Africa have drowned in the Indian Ocean.
Taking anti-depressants may increase the risk of type 2 diabetes, a study suggests.
The first of 12-carriage trains to be introduced on Thameslink services have arrived in the UK.
Sean Lamont says he is determined to add to his 105 caps and break the Scotland appearance record.
More than 340,000 Irish people live in Britain, according to the most recent figures.
The cost of holiday childcare in Wales has risen by £108 a week in the past year, according to a new report.
A lawyer who defrauded a train company of thousands of pounds has been given a suspended jail sentence after being caught on CCTV.
(Close): The FTSE 100 index closed higher, helped by a rise in mining stocks.
Glamorgan fast bowler Andrew Tait says Yorkshire will be without two of their key players for their quarter-final against Wales on 18 August.
Gloucester Cathedral has unveiled plans for a £10m project to improve the building and its facilities.
Southend United striker Nile Ranger has been released from prison after serving just over half of his 12-week sentence.
Councillors in Herefordshire have approved a council tax rise of 3% to generate £1m for adult social care.
(Close): The Nasdaq closed higher by 0.1% as investors digested the latest corporate earnings reports.
The Northern Ireland Executive is to invest £7m in City of Derry Airport.
The number of households evicted from their homes in England and Wales has risen by 6% in the last year, according to official figures.
People who drop litter could face fines of up to £100 under new government plans.
A pear tree has been voted the UK's Tree of the Year, but will be felled to make way for HS2.
A man who has been volunteering for 37 years has been named Britain's hardest-working man.
Police in Honduras have found the bodies of 18 boys who were kidnapped and killed in the north of the country.
A man who admitted distributing some of the most horrific child abuse images ever seen has been jailed for 20 months.
Defending champion Jordan Spieth shot a seven-under-par 65 to move into a three-way tie for the lead at the Tournament of Champions on
The Raspberry Pi computer has sold more than 5 million units since it was launched, its creators have revealed.
Tickets for a four-day concert to mark the Queen's 90th birthday have sold out in less than six hours.
Argentina's Fabián Gómez Colombo Romero won his first European Tour title in 10 years at the European Masters.
A campaign group has accused the Scottish government of dragging its heels over improvements to a notorious bend on the A9.
The UK economy has slowed to its weakest pace for 36 months, according to a survey by the CBI business lobby group.
The 120th Inverness Film Festival is to open with a screening of the new James Bond film, Skyfall.
A netball and football coach who has inspired hundreds of girls to take up sport has been named BBC Wales Unsung Hero 2016.
Aidy Boothroyd has been appointed manager of the England Under-21 team on a permanent basis.
The search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 will be expanded by 100,000 sq km, Australian officials say.
Wales fans have been left out of the official Euro 2016 app.
Wales forward Hal Robson-Kanu is confident he will be fit for the Euro 2016 finals in France.
The inquest into the death of a 23-year-old woman murdered in Thailand has been opened and adjourned.
Ireland head coach Joe Schmidt is confident Johnny Sexton will be fit to face Scotland in the 2017 Six Nations.
A driving test examiner who sold information about test candidates to learners has been given a 240-hour community service order.
More than 500 players from around the world have been crowned champions at the Homeless World Cup in Glasgow.
Linfield moved top of the Premiership after coming from behind to beat 10-man Coleraine at the Showgrounds.
A Labour MP has warned that extending the voting age to 16 would make young people more vulnerable to sexual abuse.
The pub made famous by the 1986 hit film Crocodile Dundee is up for sale.
David Dimbleby will host the BBC's election night programme for the 10th time on 8 and 9 June.
A South African teenager who had a rare genetic condition that made her age 10 times faster than normal has died at the age of 18.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has taken over Manchester United's Instagram account for the day.
Former Scotland manager Craig Brown believes Wales can surprise a few teams at Euro 2016.
Kenny Cash has marked 50 years as a DJ with a special show on BBC Radio Kent.
The German Grand Prix will be held for the last time under its current contract in 2017, BBC Sport has learned.
A 71-year-old coach driver has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a crash which killed three men.
A former Bristol factory site which closed suddenly is to be turned into 114 homes.
The number of miles driven by UK motorists has fallen by 14% since 2002, according to Department for Transport figures.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson has signed a new contract with the Championship club until 2022.
An 80-year-old man has died in a flat fire in Kent, which also injured eight people.
Lando Norris is being groomed for Formula 1 by being given a chance to test a grand prix car.
Liverpool were the biggest beneficiaries of a revenue share from Euro 2016, according to figures released by Uefa.
The family of a woman murdered in a suspected arson attack 20 years ago have appealed for information.
A 14-year-old high school football player in Kansas has died after suffering a brain injury during a game.
A former Scottish sprinter has claimed that drugs were rife in sport when he won Commonwealth gold in 1978.
More than 180 military personnel are to be transferred from RAF Wittering in Cambridgeshire to other bases in the UK.
A wedding dress made in the 1800s has been returned to its owner after going missing for several months.
A former soldier who arrived in the UK in 2006 has been told to leave the country after his visa expired.
Wasps rugby club has raised £15m from the sale of a bond offering a return of 6.5%.
Nick Faldo says he would like to compete in the Irish Open when it is staged at Lough Erne Resort in 2017 at the age of
Wales manager Chris Coleman says their World Cup qualifying campaign for 2018 is a "positive" one.
Karim Benzema could return to the France squad after a one-year suspension, following a court ruling on Friday.
The Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI) has launched a campaign to halve the number of people who drown in Scotland each year.
A 58-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by careless driving after a pedestrian was killed by a car.
Channel 4 has ended its deal with YouTube, meaning it will no longer make its TV shows available on the video-streaming site.
The Royal Navy's flagship HMS Bulwark has set sail from Malta with a 200-strong crew to help rescue migrants.
The Commonwealth Games are being held in Glasgow in 2014.
Bestselling crime writer Ruth Rendell has died at the age of 85, her publisher has said.
Police forces in Wales spent more than £16m on overtime in 2014, according to figures obtained by BBC 5 Live.
England manager Roy Hodgson says he has gone for an attacking option by selecting Marcus Rashford for Euro 2016.
Ian Baraclough has been appointed as the new manager of Northern Ireland's Under-21 team.
The future of Channel 3 broadcaster STV is likely to be the subject of renewed speculation following a takeover bid for its rival in Northern Ireland.
Police have launched a fresh investigation into the murder of a woman in west Belfast 29 years ago.
A couple who met at a bowling alley in 1952 have died holding hands in hospital, just hours apart.
Jade Jones says she is in "a great place" to win gold at the 2016 Olympics.
The number of GPs in Northern Ireland has fallen by 4% over the past decade, according to the RCGP.
Marks and Spencer chief executive Marc Bolland was paid a bonus of £596,000 last year.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, with shares in mining companies boosted by rising metal prices.
Britain's Adam Peaty won the men's 100m breaststroke final at the European Championships in London.
Former Dundee United and Manchester United defender Frank Kopel has died at the age of 65.
Phil Taylor beat Adrian Lewis to win his 15th PDC World Matchplay title.
Microsoft has changed the design of a pop-up window that prompts users to upgrade to Windows 10.
Harlequins have signed Wales centre Jamie Roberts on a two-and-a-half-year deal.
Kim Dotcom has announced plans to relaunch his Megaupload file-sharing service, five months after a US court ruled against him.
A 16-year-old girl who went missing after a night out has been found dead in a park.
The opening fixtures of the 2016-17 Scottish Championship season have been announced.
Fans of the iconic Action Man have gathered for the first time in 50 years to celebrate the toy's first production.
A Banksy mural that appeared in Bristol in 2014 has been vandalised for a second time.
The Nigerian military says it has killed 135 Boko Haram militants in an offensive against the Islamist group.
The number of people applying for loans to pay for apprenticeships has dropped by about 400, according to official figures.
Coventry City boosted their play-off hopes with a win over Bradford in one of their 10 games left to play.
Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has called early elections for 1 November, his office says.
A Scottish banknote has been nominated for the Bank Note of the Year award.
Worcestershire have lost their Australian all-rounder John Hastings to injury and the County Championship.
West Ham have had a £10m bid rejected for Sporting Lisbon midfielder Andre Carvalho.
Fly-tipping incidents in England have risen by 36% in a year, according to government figures.
Lloyds Banking Group has announced plans to close 18 Bank of Scotland branches across Scotland.
Grand Theft Auto 5 has been named Game of the Year at the Golden Joystick Awards, 30 years after the first award was handed out.
A Romanian man who stowed away in the wheel compartment of a plane from Vienna to London has been freed by police.
A US judge has rejected BP's request to suspend payments to victims of the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill.
A memorial to the 30 Britons killed in Tunisian terror attacks will be built in Birmingham.
The Mystery Plays are to be performed in York's cathedral for the first time in 16 years.
A satellite that cost more than $250m (Â£180m) to build has been lost in space after just six months.
Apple has agreed to publish a clarification on its Australian website over claims its new iPad works on 4G networks.
(Close): The Dow Jones closed up 0.2% after the US economy grew faster than previously thought in the last three months of 2016.
Italian police have seized 781 shotguns from a truck arriving from Turkey at the port of Trieste.
The 70th anniversary of the liberation of the Buchenwald concentration camp has been marked in Germany.
Environmental activists were killed in 27 countries last year, according to a new report by Global Witness.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) has killed at least 15 civilians in an attack on two villages in central Syria, activists say.
A 14-year-old rugby player has died after suffering a head injury during a game.
Three rare cranes have taken their first flight after being reintroduced to the UK in the 10th Century.
Brazilian side Chapecoense have won their first game since winning the Copa Sudamericana in 2016.
A couple who lost three children in the Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 disaster have welcomed a daughter.
Thailand's military government says it has released more than 200 people it detained after seizing power last week.
Marvel and Sony have announced a deal that will see Spider-Man join the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Police have found no evidence of historic child sex abuse on the scale of the Rotherham scandal in Leicestershire, a report into 866 cases has concluded
The families of the 21 people who died in the Birmingham pub bombings are hoping inquests into their deaths will resume.
Londoners are being urged to remember the victims of the 7/7 bombings as the capital marks the anniversary of the attacks.
More than 120 firefighters have been tackling a "large" flat fire in west London.
The first of a new generation of 400,000 volt electricity pylons has been erected in Oxfordshire.
A biscuit factory which employs 342 people is to close with the loss of all the jobs.
A £1bn tidal energy project has been given the go-ahead by the owners of the land where it would be built.
At least 11 people have been killed in two bomb attacks on police stations in south-east Turkey, officials say.
Nationwide Building Society has reported its best ever half-year of mortgage lending, at £15bn.
Lou Pearlman, the music mogul who created the Backstreet Boys and NSync, has died aged 62.
The Ministry of Defence has paid £111,000 in compensation to two Iraqi men who claimed they were tortured by British troops.
Up to 800 jobs could be lost as part of the merger of Standard Life and Aberdeen Asset Management.
The Ospreys have recorded their first profit since 2007, according to the region's latest financial results.
Police have arrested 17 people during a protest over the deaths of two black men in the US.
Ambulances in Wales are reaching 72% of the most serious emergency calls within eight minutes, according to new figures.
Exeter Chiefs lock Geoff Parling will continue his playing career with Melbourne Rebels until 2018.
A third person has died in hospital after a crash on the M9 in which a family of five were killed.
Bus drivers in West and North Yorkshire are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay.
The bellwether tradition has been observed in the South East for at least 45 years.
A coal-fired power station has closed for the final time after 47 years of operation.
Singapore has reported its first locally transmitted cases of the Zika virus, with 41 people infected.
The funeral of one of 13 people killed in a helicopter crash off Norway is to take place on Friday.
The Mexican government has agreed to reopen its investigation into the disappearance of 43 students in the southern state of Guerrero.
A medical diagnostics company formed in 2007 by a team of Strathclyde University researchers is to close with the loss of 20 jobs.
Bath have announced contract extensions for England backs Jonathan Joseph and Anthony Watson until 2021.
A suicide bomber has killed at least 10 civilians at a checkpoint near a US military base in Afghanistan, officials say.
A 22-year-old musician has died after falling into the River Clyde in Glasgow.
Northern Ireland fans will be able to apply for tickets for the Euro 2017 qualifier against Norway at Windsor Park.
Michel Platini has been nominated as a candidate for the Fifa presidency.
Taylor Swift has said she will not allow her new album 1989 to be streamed on Apple Music.
The amount of renewable energy generated in Scotland in the first three months of 2012 was up 45% on the same period in 2011
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day just above its opening level, with banks and miners weighing on the index.
Chinese football clubs could be hit with a 100% tax on transfer fees if they make a loss, according to reports.
Serbian police have arrested 17 people in an anti-corruption operation.
New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum has smashed the fastest Test century off 56 balls, beating the record set by Viv Richards.
Bruce Anstey has broken the 124mph speed record during Manx Grand Prix practice.
The ATP World Tour Finals will continue to be shown on BBC television until 2018 after a new deal was agreed.
Plans for a £100m expansion of Pinewood Studios have been approved by the government.
The World Anti-Doping Agency has published its list of banned substances for the 2017 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Shares in fashion retailer Ted Baker have jumped after it reported a 20% rise in half-year profits.
A man who murdered a cyclist with his car in a "jealous rage" has been jailed for life with a minimum term of 25 years.
Glastonbury Festival will return to its traditional home in 2017, organisers have confirmed.
At least 30 people have been killed in fighting between Myanmar's army and ethnic rebels in the country's north-east.
Wales fly-half Rhys Priestland has signed a two-year contract extension with Premiership side Bath until 2017.
The world's oldest marathon runner has celebrated 52 years of daily running by completing a parkrun.
Europe or Great Britain and Ireland retained the Curtis Cup after beating the USA by 10.5 points to 9.5 in the final of the women's team
Scientists have created the first complete digital 3D model of a human brain.
Wolverhampton Wanderers striker Nouha Dicko has signed a one-year contract extension with the Championship club, with the deal expiring on 31 January
The family of a 14-year-old girl who died in the Manchester Arena attack have paid tribute to her.
A campaign to save a 16th Century hall in Manchester has been launched after a fire caused "significant damage".
The World Health Organization (WHO) is launching a new strategy to tackle the Ebola outbreak in West Africa this year.
A coroner has said he will allow more time for police to investigate a new lead in the Glenanne gang murders in 1976.
The Philippines has held a memorial service for 35 police officers killed in a clash with Muslim rebels.
Boston has officially launched its bid to host the 2024 summer Olympics.
Apple's revenue for the quarter to March was $52.9bn, up 17% from the same period last year.
Plans for a 1.4GW power cable between Scotland and Norway have been given the go-ahead by energy regulator Ofgem.
A 15m deep sinkhole in Manchester is "still quite unstable" and needs to be filled in before work can be carried out.
The Bank of Scotland has unveiled a new polymer £10 note featuring a steam train crossing the Glenfinnan Viaduct.
About 88% of UK adults use the internet, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Up to 50 students have been sent home from a school in north Wales for failing to wear the correct uniform.
A 13-year-old boy has been found guilty of murdering a schoolboy who was stabbed outside his north London school.
Honda is set to leave Formula 1 at the end of this season, BBC Sport has learned.
The average pay for FTSE 100 bosses is 100 times that of the average worker, according to the Trades Union Congress.
Wales manager Chris Coleman is against the idea of a British team at the 2016 Olympics.
Chelsea Manning, the US soldier who leaked classified documents to Wikileaks, has thanked Barack Obama for granting her clemency.
Stephen Fry has launched a campaign to save Soho from the impact of the proposed Crossrail 2.
Spike Lee and Werner Herzog are among the big names set to premiere their new films at the 2016 Sundance Film Festival.
Mortgage lending in the UK has reached its highest level for seven years, according to the Council of Mortgage Lenders.
Brazilian WhatsApp users have been sharing their plans for the next 48 hours after the messaging service was suspended in the country.
Cricket Scotland has won the ICC Development Programme Annual Award for 2015.
Lyon's women's team have been awarded the 14th French title after a banner promoting gender stereotypes was displayed at a men's match
Australia's four-Test series against India in December 2016 and January 2017 has been rearranged following the death of Phillip Hughes
Police Scotland has charged two men over allegations of child sexual abuse within Scottish football after receiving 130 reports.
Motherwell have held talks with Northern Ireland Under-20s coach Stephen Craigan about the vacant manager's job.
At least 50 migrants have died trying to cross the Mediterranean to Europe, Italian and Libyan officials say.
Ireland and Munster wing Keith Earls has had his two-week suspension for a red card reduced to 10 days.
A fresh search for a six-year-old girl who disappeared 34 years ago in County Donegal has been carried out.
Sharp has unveiled what it says is the world's first 4K screen for smartphones.
Liverpool have signed France defender Mamadou Sakho from Paris St-Germain for £18m and Sporting Lisbon's Tiago Ilori
Two former police officers are accused of leaving their posts early or arriving late 126 times.
A taxi driver and his wife have won a £1m prize in the People's Postcode Lottery.
The Euro 2016 final was the most-watched TV programme of the year so far, according to overnight ratings.
The death toll from the collapse of a garment factory in Bangladesh has risen to 600, police say.
The East Midlands Ambulance Service (EMAS) has revealed it has a deficit of almost £9m.
Australian police have arrested a 22-year-old man at Sydney airport as he tried to board a flight to Syria.
About 20 red squirrels could be at risk from a housing development, campaigners have warned.
At least 14 people have died after a cargo plane carrying 17 people crashed in South Sudan's capital, Juba.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a teenager 30 years ago.
McLaren have signed British teenager Lando Norris for their 2017 driver development programme.
An investigation has begun after an "accidental" fire at a care home killed one person and left 18 residents evacuated.
A group of railway workers had just seconds to escape a 125mph train, a report has found.
Nyquist became the first horse to win the Kentucky Derby after completing a perfect season.
A 13-year-old boy has died after falling ill at a Scout jamboree in Finland.
Furniture retailer DFS has cut its profit forecast after seeing a sharp fall in demand in the second half of its financial year.
Former world champion Chris Eubank Sr has said he wants to return to the ring at the age of 50.
West Brom have agreed a £15m deal to sign Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho.
US comedian and civil rights activist Dick Gregory has died at the age of 84.
Swiss voters have rejected a proposal to limit executive pay to 12 times the average worker's salary.
A passenger has captured the moment a plane was forced to abort its landing at Manchester Airport due to high winds.
A pharmacist who killed a woman by giving her the wrong medication in 2014 has been given a suspended jail sentence.
Somerset all-rounder Craig Overton says social media is "bringing a lot of idiots to the game" after he received abusive messages on Instagram.
Michael Vaughan says England should recall Kevin Pietersen for the World Twenty20 in India.
A service has been held in Hull to mark the 30th anniversary of the Falklands War.
A driver who killed a teenager in a crash while racing another car has been jailed for 12 years.
The son of Brazilian football legend Pele has been sentenced to 22 years and 10 months in prison for money laundering.
Indian security forces have killed at least 20 Maoist rebels in an operation in the central state of Chhattisgarh, officials say.
Leicester Tigers captain Tom Youngs has expressed his concerns about a proposed 10-month Premiership season.
Queen's University Belfast (QUB) has fallen to 182nd place in a global ranking of universities.
Police are to review the unsolved murder of a man in Gloucestershire 25 years ago.
A bowler in Bangladesh conceded 32 runs in an over - the most in a first-class match - as his team were relegated.
The number of crimes reported on trains and at stations in Wales fell to 1,172 last year, according to British Transport Police.
The Thames Barrier has been closed more than 30 times this winter, breaking its own record.
ScotRail passengers will be able to travel for free for a week in 2017, the Scottish government has announced.
Matt Lucas is to return to BBC One's Doctor Who in 2016.
World Cup winner Raphael Varane has been ruled out of Euro 2016 with a hamstring injury.
Elderly patients who wait more than a day for surgery after breaking a hip are 14 times more likely to die, research suggests.
Ebbsfleet ended Maidenhead's 10-game unbeaten run with a draw at York Road.
A man who raped and attacked three partners over a 17-year period when he was aged 13 has been jailed for five years.
A police dog was deliberately run over at 60mph by officers who were unable to control it, a review has found.
Nottingham Forest striker Ben Brereton has signed a new contract that will keep him at the City Ground until June 2021.
Australia's first triple Olympic gold medallist Betty Cuthbert has died at the age of 79.
About 1,000 Bolivian soldiers have been protesting in the capital, La Paz, against what they say is discrimination within the armed forces.
(Close): Shares in Capita dropped a further 3% on Friday, taking the two-day drop to 17%.
More than 100 water voles are being released into a lake in the Yorkshire Dales.
Northampton Saints have announced a group of players who have made 91 appearances for the club have signed new contracts.
Roger Federer has extended his contract to play at the Swiss Indoors in Basel until 2019.
Actress Deddie Davies, who starred in Stella and The Railway Children, has died at the age of 79.
A Highland councillor has called for an investigation into a water supply which came on stream in 2012.
Hollywood studio Miramax has been sold to a group of investors for £500m.
World Superbike champion Jonathan Rea won the opening race of the 2017 season in Australia.
The number of visitors from the Republic of Ireland fell by 18% in 2015, according to new figures from the Northern Ireland Executive.
The Ministry of Defence has dropped 58 Iraq abuse cases, saying there is not enough evidence to prosecute.
A vaccine developed in Australia 10 years ago could eradicate certain cancers, its creator says.
A £10m government grant has been announced to help protect the Ironbridge Gorge in Shropshire.
The number of babies in Scotland being breastfed has remained at a similar level since 2005, according to new figures.
The 2015 World Cup starts on 14 February in Australia and New Zealand.
Scotland flanker Alasdair Strokosch has announced his retirement from international rugby after nine years.
Council tax could rise by 3% in Stoke-on-Trent as part of plans to save £61m over the next three years.
John Berry, a founding member of the Beastie Boys, has died at the age of 54.
Four more weightlifters have failed doping tests from the 2012 London Olympics, the International Olympic Committee has announced.
Brazilian prosecutors have charged 10 top managers from mining companies with qualified homicide over last year's Samarco disaster.
The clocks go forward an hour on the last Sunday in March.
A fresh search has begun for a man who went missing 25 years ago.
The European Union has agreed a new set of data protection laws that will come into force in 2018.
Regional airline Flybe has reported a £20m loss for the year to March, blaming over-capacity and IT problems.
A well-known DJ who has been a fixture on the clubbing scene for more than 40 years has gone missing.
Transphobic hate crimes in London have risen by 25% in the past year, according to Metropolitan Police figures.
British dressage coach Carl Hester says Rio 2016 will be his final Games and he will retire after the Olympics.
No parking tickets have been issued in Hawick in the past year, the Scottish Borders Council has confirmed.
Libya's eastern authorities have suspended a controversial travel ban that affected women over the age of 60.
German sprinter Marcel Kittel has been forced to abandon the Tour de France after crashing out of stage 17.
Phil Simmons has been sacked as West Indies head coach, less than a year after he was reinstated following a suspension in 2015.
Rock star Steve Tristan, formerly of the band Spiritualized, has been awarded £5,000 in legal costs after being cleared of sex offences.
The Olympic medals for the Rio 2016 Games have been unveiled by organisers.
A 300-year-old school is to close after the local authority said it was not financially viable.
A French-owned company is creating 500 new jobs in Enniskillen.
Tyrone manager Mickey Harte has confirmed that he will remain in the role for a 14th year.
Chelsea have signed England midfielder Danny Drinkwater from Leicester City for a fee of about £35m.
The number of children reported to police for sexting in north Wales has risen by 130% in three years, according to the NSPCC.
Girls aged 15 around the world are more likely to suffer from anxiety about maths than boys, a study has found.
About 1,000 women who work for North Lanarkshire Council are to receive equal pay, it has been announced.
Inter Milan have sacked manager Frank de Boer after 85 days in charge of the Italian giants.
Hollywood actor Mickey Rourke has won his first professional boxing match against a 33-year-old rival in Moscow.
Labour has lost the Gower seat in Swansea by more than 20 votes.
About 460 homes in Cockermouth could be protected from flooding under a series of recommendations.
A variable speed limit (VSL) system is being introduced on the M4 in Newport.
An exhibition marking 30 years since the miners' strike has opened at a former colliery.
UK car production has fallen for the first time in 12 months, according to the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders.
Airbus has reported a rise in sales and profits as it ramps up production of its A320 aircraft.
Plymouth Albion chairman Chris Groves says the club is "a step closer" to building a new stadium with a 10-a-side rugby pitch.
Police have been called to Glasgow's count centre after 10 suspect ballot papers were found.
The Lord Mayor's Show is celebrating its 800th birthday with a parade through the streets of London.
The NHS is to investigate the collapse of a £800m contract to run community health services in Cambridgeshire.
Carole King will perform at the Royal Albert Hall on 3 July as part of the venue's 145th anniversary season.
Radio 1 is launching on BBC iPlayer.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefit in Northern Ireland has fallen to its lowest level since 43,000 in March 2014.
Glasgow Warriors captain Peter Murchie has signed a new contract to stay at Scotstoun until 2018.
A new media centre in Carmarthen is on course to open in 2018, the University of Wales Trinity St David has told MPs.
Chinese police have recovered more than 100 ancient jade artefacts and arrested 100 people suspected of smuggling them.
A hormone that could help treat diabetes has been found in the venom of the 1 platypus.
Bristol City have signed winger Callum O'Dowda from League One side Oxford United for an initial fee of £1m.
The first and only sitting US president to visit the UK has been honoured in his home city of Newcastle 40 years on.
Londoners will get a two-year fares freeze, Mayor Sadiq Khan has announced.
Chris Ashton has launched an appeal against a 10-week ban for gouging, which would keep him out of England's Six Nations campaign.
The government has announced plans to upgrade the A14 in Cambridgeshire.
Woking's winless run stretched to 11 games as they were held by Gateshead in the National League.
Police have said they have no evidence a teenager who went missing 13 years ago was murdered.
Liverpool have rejected a third bid from Barcelona for Philippe Coutinho, understood to be about £114m.
The final £1 coin to be struck by the Royal Mint has been designed by the Church of England's most senior Welsh cleric.
Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure has been named BBC African Footballer of the Year for 2015.
The last prisoners have left a Hampshire jail which has been in operation for 150 years.
At least 20 people have been killed and dozens injured in a lorry crash in the Central African Republic, officials say.
A man who police say was at the heart of a feud between two Birmingham gangs has been jailed for 20 years.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone has been indicted on a charge of bribing a German banker, aged 76.
St Helens will be without injured England half-back Jonny Lomax for their Super League semi-final against Catalans Dragons in 2014.
Sally Conway won Great Britain's first Olympic medal of Rio 2016 by taking bronze in the women's -78kg judo.
A Christian primary school teacher who refused to answer a 10-year-old pupil's question about gay marriage has won her case.
Boeing shares rose more than 2% after the US aircraft maker reported a jump in third-quarter profits.
Australia were bowled out for 145, their lowest home Test score against South Africa since 58 in 1996.
Norman Hudis, the writer of the first six Carry On films, has died aged 93.
The logo for the Tokyo 2020 Olympics has been chosen after a second contest.
At least 20 people have been killed in an attack on a hotel in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
A 39-year-old British man has been arrested in Hong Kong on suspicion of murdering two women.
Chinese farmers have created a 3D optical illusion on 100 hectares of rice fields.
The UN-brokered cessation of hostilities in Syria is set to begin on 27 February, the US State Department says.
A 17-year-old girl has become the first pupil to be granted permission to leave class and rescue those in difficulties at sea.
A rare species of Japanese birch tree has been brought back from the brink of extinction after 100 seedlings were grown in Kent.
The four main party leaders in Wales have set out their stalls for the 5 May general election.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright says his fifth-placed side can still finish in the top six of the Scottish Premiership.
A US rugby league has filed a lawsuit to stop Welsh teams joining a proposed 18-team competition involving Pro12 sides.
York Minster Police has had its first attested constables in more than 80 years.
A public inquiry has begun into plans to demolish 100 terraced houses in Liverpool's Welsh Streets area.
Former McLaren F1 boss Tyler Alexander has died at the age of 76.
A former Thai general has been jailed for 105 years for human trafficking.
Two friends who have been close for 20 years have had a kidney transplant.
A memorial event has been held for a 17-year-old girl who was killed by her boyfriend and buried in a grave.
Wales lock Luke Charteris is the latest of up to 13 players to be released for domestic duty.
A soldier who murdered another soldier in a "sustained attack" has been jailed for life with a minimum term of 15 years.
Soweto Kinch is to present a new jazz show on BBC Radio 3.
The history of the Newcastle Hoppings is being celebrated in an exhibition to mark the fair's 141st year.
At least 29 people have been killed in two bomb attacks in Afghanistan, officials say.
Africa's 26 biggest economies have signed a deal to create a free trade area.
A Cornish MP has defied his coalition partners by voting against the government's plans to raise VAT to 20%.
BT has taken a £525m charge against its profits after it was forced to pay off debts it had incurred when it bought EE.
A silent documentary about the Scottish fishing industry is to be screened with a live beatboxed score 94 years after it was made.
Saudi Arabia has ordered 200 black London taxis, the first export of the iconic vehicle since production was halted in 2012.
The World Expo 2015 has opened in Milan, Italy, with a ceremony attended by the Pope.
South Korea's main spy agency tried to manipulate the 2012 presidential election, an internal inquiry has found.
The Royal Regiment of Scotland has marked 10 years since it was formed with a march through Edinburgh.
Kate Winslet has revealed she was "sick with nerves" ahead of the Oscars on Sunday.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has announced plans to close 46 branches in Scotland.
The author Patricia Dunmore has died at the age of 64 after a short illness.
A murder investigation has been launched after a 61-year-old man was stabbed to death in County Antrim.
A ban on haggis imports to the US has been in place since 1971.
Scientists believe they have found a way to see in 3D with just one eye - a discovery made in 1838.
Ferrari have signed Sebastian Vettel to a new contract to keep him at the team until the end of 2020.
The government is investing £60m in five new railway stations, including one in Wales.
A £500m regeneration project to transform Swansea's waterfront has been unveiled.
Tube drivers are to stage a second 24-hour strike in 25 days in a row over pay and working conditions.
Plans for a new £10m railway station in Aberystwyth have been unveiled by Ceredigion council.
A Great Yarmouth-based marine services company has been bought by a Dutch firm for £100m.
Southampton have signed Chelsea midfielder Oriol Romeu for £12m on a four-year deal.
The government has imposed fines of up to £39,000 on private probation firms for failing to meet targets.
Manchester United's £36m signing Anthony Martial has been hailed as "absolutely magnificent" by BBC Sport pundit Martin Keown.
A re-enactment of the Battle of Stamford Bridge in 1066 is being held in North Yorkshire.
The first gas has been produced from a new field in the North Sea, Chevron has announced.
The face of a 2,000-year-old Peruvian woman has been reconstructed using 3D printing technology.
A Derry man has come up with a list of 32 puns based on the names of the counties in Ireland.
Former world champion cyclist Becky James has announced her retirement from the sport after 13 years.
Daniel Ricciardo has ruled himself out of a possible move to Ferrari for 2017.
The NHS is to limit the amount it pays staffing agencies to 55% more than the cost of a shift.
Peregrine falcons have been spotted nesting on the tallest residential building in East Anglia, which is 71m (233ft) high.
Mobile phone company Vodafone was reportedly willing to pay £10m for naming rights to the London Stadium.
The government is to begin a review of how it can save £20bn from its budget over the next five years.
A 13th Century garden in Denbighshire is to be opened to the public for the first time in centuries.
Plans for a £100m extension to Sheffield's Meadowhall shopping centre have been unveiled.
Conservative MP Francis Maude has announced he will not stand for re-election in 2020.
At least 15 people have been killed in a fire at a fuel tanker in north-west Pakistan, officials say.
A grandmother who was left devastated after burglars stole her daughter's children's Christmas presents has had £930 raised for her.
The Scottish Conservatives have pledged to reverse £100m of cuts to college budgets if they win the election.
A man who has the longest-surviving heart-lung transplant in the world has marked 30 years with a world record.
French police are investigating a group of Russian hackers over the 9 April attack on TV5 Monde, reports say.
An advert for a UK electronics chain that encouraged viewers to believe they could watch the Euro 2016 football championship in 4K has been banned.
A turkey processing plant in Lincolnshire is to close with the loss of 80 jobs, its owners have announced.
BBC Radio 2 presenter Kenny Everett has paid tribute to his "good friend" Cilla Black, who died last week aged 72.
Women could reduce their risk of heart disease by 50% if they exercised for 30 minutes a day, say researchers.
A 21-year-old man will appear in court charged with murdering a teenager found with serious head injuries.
A Sheffield councillor has resigned after 18 months in the role to spend more time with his family.
Plans for a £50m redevelopment of Exeter's High Street have been approved by the city council.
Kenyan authorities are hunting a gang of poachers who killed 13 elephants in a national park over the weekend.
Greek lawmakers have approved a budget for 2016 with a deficit target of 3.2% of GDP.
Britain's Kelly Sotherton is aiming to compete in the heptathlon at the 2012 Olympics.
A 14-year-old girl has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in Basildon.
Lincolnshire Police is to sell its headquarters in the city centre as part of a Â£16m project to build a new station.
A hospital trust has apologised after sending out 850 letters about cancer to patients with other medical conditions.
The drummer of 1980s band The Specials, John "Brad" Bradbury, has died at the age of 62.
Japanese football legend Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a new one-year deal to continue his career at the age of 30.
The Northern Ireland Executive has allocated an extra £100m to the health service.
A government minister's decision to block plans for 1,000 homes in Newmarket has been ruled unlawful.
Cyclist Martyn Irvine has been voted BBC Northern Ireland's Sports Personality of the Year for 2013.
A suicide bomber has killed one soldier and injured four others in an attack on a military police station in eastern Turkey, officials say.
A public inquiry has begun into plans for a 500-home development in Kent.
More than 20,000 people over 65 are living in residential care in Wales, a report has said.
The UK government has pledged to cut its funding of S4C by £0.6m, despite a review of the Welsh language broadcaster not yet being
A major tunnel on the Edinburgh to Glasgow railway line is to close for 16 weeks for engineering works.
Australia has sent back to Vietnam 46 people who were trying to reach the country by boat.
Marc Marquez won the Spanish Grand Prix to extend his lead in the MotoGP championship.
Red Bull have ended talks with Mercedes about a possible engine deal for 2016, the reigning world champion team have confirmed.
The Vunipola brothers have returned to the club where they started playing rugby at the age of 12.
The world's oldest person, Emma Morano, has died in Italy at the age of 117, her doctor has confirmed.
Scarlets hooker Ken Owens says Racing 92 are the best team in Europe after the French club thrashed the Welsh region 14-a
Councils are being invited to bid for a share of Â£250m to return to weekly rubbish collections with no more than nine containers.
Sir Christopher Lee has released a new album of heavy metal covers at the age of 92.
One in 10 children with type 1 diabetes were admitted to hospital in Wales in the last year, a study has found.
A schoolgirl who nearly drowned in 2000 has won a compensation claim against the authority that organised the trip.
Chelsea striker Radamel Falcao has been included in the Blues' Champions League squad for the remainder of the 2016 season.
The Grand National field is complete after The Romford Pele was confirmed as the 40th and final runner.
Coronation Street actor Geoffrey Hughes, best known for his role as Eddie Yeats, has died aged 61.
The number of women being diagnosed with lung cancer in Scotland has risen more than 100% in the past 30 years.
The price of petrol and diesel has risen by about 5p a litre in the past month, according to the RAC.
Lancashire beat Hampshire by an innings and 328 runs to move up to second in the County Championship.
A 6ft sculpture of a drowned man has prompted a rescue operation after being mistaken for a real body.
Solihull Moors held on to beat 10-man Bromley and move up to second in the National League.
Archaeologists have uncovered the remains of nine people in the grounds of the Royal Pavilion in Brighton.
A man who suffered 17 cardiac arrests has made a full recovery after being shocked by paramedics.
One person has been taken to hospital after a lorry crashed on the M4 in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
An 11-year-old girl who was burgled has written a letter to the thieves who took her birthday presents.
A vitamin B dose of 500 milligrams could help fight off serious bacterial infections, US researchers say.
Suffolk's fire service is planning to make £1m of savings by closing fire stations and cutting fire engines.
One per cent of babies born at one hospital in 2015 were addicted to drugs, according to new figures.
Jono Gibbes will take over as head coach of Ulster from the start of the 2017-18 season.
Tina Cook won Great Britain's first equestrian medal of the 2016 Rio Olympics by taking silver in the eventing team event.
Australia captain Steve Smith declared the fourth Test against the West Indies on 100 from David Warner.
A charity is offering a "self-defence kit" to communities after Channel 4's Benefits Street.
The Liberal Democrats and Labour have been trading barbs after the two parties failed to agree on how to vote on Brexit legislation in 2017.
Joseph Parker's WBO heavyweight title fight with New Zealander Kevin Johnson has been postponed after the American failed a drugs test.
More than 16 Jewish community centres in the US have received bomb threats on Monday, according to the JCC Association of North America.
Forensic experts have cast doubt on the Mexican government's claim that the bodies of 43 students were incinerated.
A proposed development of 150 houses in the Cairngorms National Park has been refused by the park authority.
Extra stop and search powers were used in a town centre after a spate of stabbings.
Mexican Sergio Perez has signed a contract extension with Force India for the 2017 Formula 1 season.
A 15-year-old girl has died after being swept into the sea from a pier in North Tyneside.
The number of reports of dogs worrying sheep in Scotland has risen by 55% in a year, according to Police Scotland.
The former Liberal Democrat MP Lord Avebury has died at the age of 89.
The man behind the original Ghostbusters movie has revealed plans for a whole new Ghostbusters universe.
A 24-year-old man has admitted murdering a primary school teacher he had been dating.
US stocks closed higher on Wednesday, with the Nasdaq ending at a record high, as investors cheered President Donald Trump's latest executive actions.
A £5 coin has been issued to mark Prince George's first birthday.
The chief constable of Northumbria Police, Sue Sim, has announced she is retiring at the age of 57.
A vigil has been held in Cardiff Bay to remember the victims of the Paris terror attacks on the 11th of January.
The plastic £5 note is back.
Ten people have been arrested in connection with the discovery of an illegal cigarette factory in Birmingham.
ITV has confirmed it has commissioned a sixth series of Downton Abbey.
The winners of a photography exhibition called 24 Hours in Bristol have been announced.
A £15m revamp of Glasgow's Burrell Collection museum has reached its halfway point.
A £1m restoration project to help salmon spawn in a Cumbrian river has been a success in its first year.
The conductor and musicologist Christopher Hogwood has died at the age of 77.
Airbus is cutting production of its double-decker A380 aircraft as it struggles to win new orders.
The government is to provide £15m to fund cultural projects across the north of England.
House price inflation in the UK has hit a 13-month high, according to official figures.
A council has voted to cut the pay of 2,700 teaching assistants by cutting their hours.
A Hindu sculpture bought for more than $1m by a Singapore museum is being returned to India after it was suspected of being stolen.
Police in Pennsylvania are searching for a driver who shot and killed an 18-year-old girl in a road rage incident.
The inquest into the deaths of 11 men in the Shoreham air show crash in 2015 has been delayed.
The European Tour has announced that the Irish Open will be held at Ballyliffin in County Donegal in 2018.
A sickness bug has forced a school to send home 26 pupils and close its doors to newcomers.
A radio station that broadcasts to Zimbabwe has ceased broadcasting after 15 years.
Pakistan have been given permission to play in the World Twenty20 in India in March.
Former Peterborough United manager Barry Fry has paid tribute to his "great friend" Graham Turner, who has died aged 70.
The former director of Australia's national art gallery, Betty Churcher, has died at the age of 84.
At least 50 prisoners have escaped from a jail in Papua New Guinea's second largest city, Lae.
The Mexican actor Ruben Aguirre, who was a star of children's television, has died at the age of 82.
Irish police have begun a search for a man who went missing 16 years ago.
Formula 1 bosses have agreed to scrap the controversial double points rule introduced for the 2014 season.
British Swimming's performance director Michael Scott has resigned following a review of the sport's performance at the 2012 Olympics.
(Close): Shares in Standard Chartered fell more than 10% after the bank reported a fall in profits.
Taylor Swift's Shake It Off has been banned from Triple J's Hottest 100 countdown.
Renault is considering exiting Formula 1 because of the way it has been treated by Red Bull.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower on Wednesday, with pharmaceutical companies among the biggest fallers.
BBC Three is to lose the rights to air Family Guy after the channel moves online.
Sir Paul McCartney has topped the Sunday Times Rich List of the UK's wealthiest musicians for the second year running with a fortune of £700m.
Former drug smuggler Howard Marks has died at the age of 70.
At least 18 people have died in a fire on a bus carrying elderly German tourists in southern Germany, police say.
Israel has postponed a vote on building 492 new homes in West Bank settlements, amid a row with the US.
A 14-year-old boy who raped and sexually assaulted five girls has been given a five-year extended sentence.
A man's collection of medals awarded for his World War Two service in 1945 have been stolen from his home.
The city of Eugene has defended its successful bid to host the 2021 World Athletics Championships.
Margot Friedlander, also known as Margot Hielscher, has died at the age of 106.
A suicide bomber has killed at least 63 people in a crowded market in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad.
Great Britain's Chris and Gabby Adcock are targeting a medal at the 2017 World Championships in Glasgow.
Russian police have raided the homes of suspected members of the Aum Shinrikyo cult, which carried out a series of attacks in 1995.
Germany's central bank has proposed raising the retirement age to 69.
Police in North Dakota have arrested more than 140 people protesting against the construction of an oil pipeline.
A man who tried to rape a woman in a Canterbury park has been jailed for 12 years.
A 10-month Premiership season would be "seriously detrimental" to player welfare, the Rugby Players' Association has warned.
More than 30 cars have been damaged in a series of vandalism incidents in north Edinburgh.
A bike-sharing scheme which has been operating for 30 months is to be scrapped.
A 51-year-old man has appeared in court charged with the murder of his sister in Fife.
Online supermarket Ocado has reported its first annual profit since it was founded in 2000.
Chris Gunter says Wales have underachieved in the past and are determined to qualify for Euro 2016.
Lewis Hamilton says he will solve his poor starts in Formula 1 races in time for the Chinese Grand Prix on 17 April.
A £240m European funding programme is to support a new research centre in Northern Ireland.
A 40-year-old man has been arrested in Crawley, West Sussex, on suspicion of terrorism offences.
A paedophile who raped and sexually abused a girl from the age of six has been jailed for 15 years.
The word "binge-watch" has been added to the Collins dictionary for 2015.
Britain's Olympic and Paralympic champions will compete at the 2017 World Rowing Regatta in Florida, USA.
A team of aviation historians and archaeologists have uncovered the remains of a Spitfire that crashed in the Republic of Ireland 81 years ago.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong for a three-day visit marking the 20th anniversary of the city's handover.
Suicide bombings in Damascus and Homs have killed at least 140 people, Syrian state media say.
Councils in Wales have lost more than £1m in revenue after the price of recycled materials plummeted.
Hampshire all-rounder Ryan McLaren says he is "not expecting" to be included in England's Test squad for the Ashes.
The £18bn Hinkley Point nuclear power plant has been formally signed off by the UK and French governments.
The number of serving troops seeking help from a military charity has risen by 88% in a year, the charity has said.
The number of US veterans seeking treatment for post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) has risen by 14% in the last year.
Coca cultivation in Colombia has risen by about 50% in the past year, according to a new UN report.
At least 100 people have died in a stampede at a Hindu temple in the southern Indian state of Kerala, officials say.
A medieval bridge in Greater Manchester has been uncovered for the first time in more than 100 years.
The Duke of Cambridge and Prince Harry have visited a garden at Kensington Palace to mark 20 years since their mother's death.
Stephen Crofts has joined Gillingham on loan until the end of the season in a bid to make Euro 2016.
Bestselling author Jackie Collins has died at the age of 77, her family has announced.
Aston Villa have been taken over by Chinese businessman Dr Tony Xia in a deal worth £76m.
A 60-year-old man who has been a driving force behind the restoration of Cardigan Castle has resigned.
A free school opened by David Cameron in 2013 has been rated "inadequate" by Ofsted.
Stormy weather is expected to hit Wales on Tuesday, as the remains of Hurricane Gonzalo reach the UK.
A derelict football ground in Stoke-on-Trent is to be transformed into a housing estate which could create up to 500 jobs.
Claudia Winkleman is leaving BBC One's The One Show after two years as host.
A computer program that automatically edits football matches down to the key moments has been developed by scientists in Spain.
Australia beat India by 32 runs in the fourth one-day international in Canberra as the tourists fell short of 323.
Frenchman Pierre Rolland won Stage 16 of the Giro d'Italia to claim his first Grand Tour victory.
Israel's former president Shimon Peres has died at the age of 93.
The RNLI has declared a lifeboat off service after 14 volunteer crew members resigned.
Atletico Madrid coach Diego Simeone has extended his contract with the La Liga club until 2020.
Austria will accept a maximum of 37,000 migrants this year, the government has said.
The Football Association wants the Court of Arbitration for Sport to intervene to ensure Michel Platini can stand in February's presidential election.
Airlines must pay compensation to passengers for delays of more than seven hours, a judge has ruled.
Rail passengers in Wales face a 28-year wait for a reliable service, the Welsh Government has been told.
The National Crime Agency (NCA) has released the names of 76 fugitives it is seeking in Spain.
The Euston station redevelopment for the first phase of HS2 will cause "decades of blight", Labour has said.
Plans have been lodged for a 700-bed student accommodation scheme in Belfast.
A conservation body has told a public inquiry it cannot guarantee a Â£1bn M4 relief road will protect rare habitats.
League Two sides Mansfield and Wycombe are in the hat for the FA Cup fourth-round draw on Monday.
David de Gea's proposed move to Real Madrid has hit a snag, with the transfer window closed in Spain until 1 September.
A collection of prams and toys from a Nottingham family business has sold for more than £10,000.
The inventor of the Etch A Sketch drawing toy has died at the age of 94.
Manchester United could face Paris St-Germain, Juventus or Atletico Madrid in the last 16 of the Champions League.
A football club has played its first home game in its own town after 20 years away.
A man who imported 50 weapons into Scotland has admitted a firearms charge.
Mobile operator EE has begun testing drones and balloons to provide 4G coverage from 1,000ft in the air.
Scientists have found the fossil of a 150-million-year-old berry.
A grandfather who murdered his 11-month-old granddaughter has been jailed for life.
Roma captain Francesco Totti has signed a new contract to stay at the Serie A club until 2016.
Ninety per cent of businesses in Northern Ireland want to remain in the European Union, according to a survey by the Chamber of Commerce.
Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara ended his career on 12,400 runs short of 13,000.
A 91-year-old man has died while attempting to set a new national cycling record.
The 50th anniversary of the oldest carnival in Europe is to be marked with a series of events in Leeds.
Police have released images of 18th Century Berlin porcelain cups and saucers stolen from a stately home.
A historical child sex abuse allegation against the late Lord Janner has been made in Scotland during the 1970s, police have said.
South Korea's Samsung Electronics has forecast a 17% drop in quarterly profit, sending its shares down 2%.
A 95-year-old man who was "lonely and alone" after his wife went into a nursing home has been inundated with offers of help.
A 15th vein of rare Blue John stone has been discovered in Derbyshire.
A man has been found guilty of murdering a 21-month-old boy in Cardiff.
The Belfast-based construction group Northstone has reported a loss for the year ending December 2013.
Aerobic exercise can increase the size of the brain in people in their 60s, say US researchers.
Three men have been jailed for trying to smuggle 20 migrants into the UK in a lorry.
The US government has closed an investigation into a fatal crash involving a Tesla Model S operating in Autopilot mode.
Google's advertising revenue jumped 16% in the first quarter of the year, the company has said.
Coventry City came from behind to beat Millwall and dent the Lions' play-off hopes with 10 men.
Liverpool have appointed former Nottingham Forest manager Sean O'Driscoll as their new first-team coach.
The sister of a West Yorkshire schoolgirl murdered 20 years ago has made an emotional appeal for information.
The government is investing £33m in a new hospital in Somerset.
Afghanistan beat Ireland by six wickets in the first of a three-match Twenty20 series.
Former Blackburn Rovers midfielder David Dunn has been appointed as the club's Under-18s coach.
At least 20 people have been killed in a series of bomb attacks in and around Baghdad, Iraqi officials say.
Tippi Hedren has claimed Alfred Hitchcock tried to kiss her during the filming of one of his movies in the 1960s.
A pillow fight between US military cadets has left 20 injured, according to reports.
A former Barnsley footballer and club stalwart has been given a fitting send-off at the age of 93.
Manchester City will receive a £19m fee for striker Mario Balotelli after he completed his move to AC Milan.
Microsoft is developing a new way to log on to Windows 8 devices that uses gestures on a touchscreen.
Attendances at Scottish football matches have increased by 12% in the past season, according to figures released by the SPFL.
Gian Piero Ventura has been appointed as the new coach of the Italian national team until the 2018 World Cup.
The mother of murdered James Bulger has said she does not believe the killer of her son should be released from prison.
A driver caught driving at 101mph on a motorway has been reported to the courts.
Three men over 70 have been honoured by police for tackling a burglar in the street.
Surrey have confirmed Gareth Batty will remain as captain for the 2016 season.
Actor Michael Eldred Johnson, who appeared in films including The Haunting and Khartoum, has died aged 77.
Harlow is celebrating its 70th birthday with a series of events.
A teenager who stabbed a schoolboy in the heart has been given a nine-year extended sentence.
Police are investigating whether a car crash involving seven-time Grand Slam champion Venus Williams was connected to a man's death.
England Women have named a 23-player squad for a training camp in Spain ahead of the 2017 European Championship.
Kevin Pietersen made 100 in his first match for South African franchise Dolphins in the Ram Slam T20 competition.
Hosting the Rugby World Cup 2015 brought an estimated £43m to Newcastle, according to the city's tourism body.
A lizard sanctuary has taken in 32 bearded dragons found abandoned in a box.
A £450,000 fund to support cultural exchange projects between Wales and India has been announced.
A £10m golf course project in the Highlands has been opposed by four conservation charities.
Lancashire and England Lions all-rounder Tom Smith has retired from cricket at the age of 31 because of a back injury.
UK inflation rose by 0.3% in January, according to official figures.
The Scottish government has published the legal documents needed to improve a dangerous section of the A9 in Caithness.
Barra Airport in the Outer Hebrides has celebrated 80 years of operation.
A new £75m Garden Bridge over the River Thames will be built after a deal was reached over public funding.
Nottinghamshire trail Somerset by 14 runs after the hosts' openers fell cheaply on day two at Trent Bridge.
A Cardiff-based company has drawn up plans for a £100m cable car system linking the city centre with Cardiff Bay.
Scientists have made a major breakthrough in the treatment of type 1 diabetes.
A Catholic priest from Northern Ireland who died 84 years ago is to be beatified by Pope Francis.
Police in Italy and several other European countries have arrested 13 people suspected of links to a Kurdish Islamist group.
More than 100 bats have been rescued in Northern Ireland after a poor summer.
Up to 200 jobs are to be cut at Southampton City Council as part of plans to save Â£30m.
A service of thanksgiving will be held to mark 20 years since the first women priests were ordained in Wales.
A 20-year-old Swiss tourist has been raped in the northern Indian state of Himachal Pradesh, police say.
France's last surviving member of the Resistance against the Nazis, Raymond Aubrac, has died aged 100.
Police in Nigeria have arrested 10 men suspected of engaging in homosexual acts, local media report.
A college spent £170,000 on a centenary event and bought four season tickets to watch Manchester United, it has been revealed.
Stuart Broad is 10 wickets away from becoming the second England bowler to take 200 in one-day internationals.
Germany's economy grew by 1.9% in 2016, according to revised figures from the country's statistics office.
A Turkish F-4 fighter jet has crashed in southern Turkey, killing the pilot, the military says.
Lancashire Police needs to save Â£100m over the next four years, the force's chief constable has warned.
A council has missed a deadline to claim back £5m it paid out in a legal battle over live animal exports.
Livingston moved 10 points clear at the top of Scottish League Two with victory over second-placed Brechin City.
Michael Palin has been honoured with the Bafta Fellowship, the 50th recipient of the award.
Polish director Andrzej Wajda, one of the most important filmmakers of the post-war era, has died aged 90.
Eggheads Bobby Seagull and Kevin "Monkman" are to host their own BBC Radio 4 show.
Barclays has reported a 10% drop in profits for the third quarter of 2015.
A dig by 20 students has uncovered the remains of a town in Dorset dating back to the Iron Age.
The US has charged seven Iranians with hacking into US infrastructure, including the New York Stock Exchange.
The US has denied carrying out a drone strike in Pakistan that killed at least 12 people, the BBC has learned.
Iran has sentenced an American man to 10 years in prison for "infiltration", the judiciary says.
A £15m creative hub in Carmarthen is unlikely to receive Welsh Government funding, BBC Wales has learned.
Britain's Tom Daley won 10m platform silver at the FINA Grand Prix in Kazan, Russia.
QPR striker Will Grigg says he is still coming to terms with his meteoric rise to the Northern Ireland senior team.
Former champion jockey Tom Queally has been banned from driving for 18 months after admitting drink driving.
The BRDC has turned down an offer of £100m for the sale of Silverstone Circuit.
The International Olympic Committee has welcomed the idea of North Korea taking part in the 2018 Winter Olympics.
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a schoolgirl in West Yorkshire in 1965.
A planned concert by Sir Bob Geldof at Queen of the South's Palmerston Park in 2016 has been cancelled.
Glamorgan director of cricket Toby Radford says signing two all-rounders is his top priority for the winter after a disappointing 2016 season.
Bolivians have voted against allowing President Evo Morales to run for a fourth term in 2019.
Hampshire moved closer to the T20 Blast quarter-finals with a comfortable win over Glamorgan at Southampton on 25 May.
A 21-mile stretch of the M4 in Berkshire could become a "smart motorway" with the hard shoulder used as an extra lane.
Proposed marine conservation zones for Welsh waters have been scrapped following a consultation in 2012.
A new investigation should be launched into the murder of a Derbyshire woman 40 years ago, a private investigator has said.
A 20-year-old man has been charged with drug offences after a woman died at a park.
Portugal has granted citizenship to the descendants of Jews expelled from the country in 1496.
A 10-year-old boy was denied a seat on a flight because of overbooking, his family say.
Northern Irish teenagers are the happiest in the UK, according to a major international study.
England have been dealt a blow ahead of the 2016 World Twenty20 with the loss of off-spinner Danielle Hazell.
Welsh snowboarder Charlotte Potter says she is aiming to qualify for the 2018 Winter Olympics.
The man who killed 77 people in Norway last July has complained that his prison conditions are "inhumane".
More than 20% of users correctly predicted the top three in the British Grand Prix.
At least 120 people have died and many more are missing after floods and landslides hit Indonesia's Sulawesi island.
A man is accused of abusing two children and trying to rape another in a series of sex attacks, a court has heard.
Junior doctors in England are to be balloted on whether to take industrial action over a new contract.
The Queen has thanked her followers on Twitter for their birthday messages after turning 90.
Alliance Trust has announced a major shake-up of its management and strategy, with a £6m cost-cutting drive.
A new method of predicting where arsenic is found in groundwater could help 20 million people in China, say scientists.
A protest has been held outside Liverpool Town Hall against plans to make £156m of savings over the next three years.
Boeing is to fit new overhead bins to its 737 passenger aircraft, the company has announced.
More than 300 Syrian refugees have been housed in Wales by the end of 2016, according to new figures.
Nick Clegg has said that the prison population in England and Wales has doubled in the last 22 years.
Southern rail paid out more than £2m in compensation to passengers in 2015-16, according to the government.
Barry Bannan's £13m move to RB Leipzig is a "massive step" for the player, says ex-Scotland international Paul
US Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas has asked a question during oral arguments for the first time in 10 years.
The Scottish Borders Council by-election will be held on the same day as the Westminster poll on 4 May.
The main parties have reacted to Martin McGuinness's resignation as deputy first minister.
Microsoft has revealed the name of its next Xbox console - the Xbox One X - and said it will be released in November.
Brewer Brains is to open 50 coffee shops in the next three years.
Manchester City have signed Argentina and Valencia defender Nicolas Otamendi for a fee that could rise to £28m.
A man who murdered a pensioner in Glasgow has been jailed for at least 13 years.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says some of his players are feeling the pressure after their first run of three successive defeats in 14 years.
A 15-year-old girl hit by a car and left in the road has been found by a police officer.
Around 70 jobs are under threat at a Scottish factory that makes Tannoy loudspeakers.
Former pupils of a Belfast primary school caught up in the 2001 Holy Cross dispute have been awarded compensation.
Adolf Hitler's book Mein Kampf is to be published in Germany for the first time since 1945.
A military plane crash that killed 14 people in Myanmar was caused by bad weather, investigators say.
Newsweek has published its final print edition, after 81 years in publication.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car on the M6 in Staffordshire.
International students contribute £257m to the Scottish economy each year, according to a new report.
Police are hunting a man who stabbed a 20-year-old man at a gig by US rapper Wiz Khalifa in Glasgow.
Uefa has charged the Football Associations of England and Serbia over incidents during and after their Under-21s play-off.
A total of £40m of funding has been announced for housing and regeneration projects in south Wales.
The slowest growth in energy consumption since 2009 occurred in 2014, according to BP's annual energy review.
Nottinghamshire have re-signed Australia all-rounder Dan Christian for the 2017 T20 Blast.
A new DNA profile has been identified in the murder investigation of a schoolgirl whose body was found in a canal on 14 April.
The Japanese yen strengthened against the US dollar, dragging down Tokyo's main share index.
The mystery of a "haunted" island where bodies are being exposed by the tide has been solved.
A man who shone a laser pen at a police helicopter flown by a pilot who died in the Clutha crash in 2011 has been jailed
Northern Ireland will host the 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games, it has been announced.
A 10% drop in footfall in some Borders towns has been revealed in the latest figures from Scottish Borders Council.
The first named tropical storm of the Atlantic hurricane season has formed - on 2 June, the earliest recorded date.
Elite England rugby players could soon be earning £1m a year, according to the Rugby Players' Association.
A song by a Liverpool comedian has been named the third biggest-selling single of the 1960s.
A 38-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a shooting at a house party in Surrey.
A scheme giving young people in Wales free bus travel is to be extended beyond March 2017.
Paul Lawrie is aiming to return to competitive golf in 2017 after undergoing surgery on his foot.
A service has been held to mark the 100th anniversary of the outbreak of World War One.
American professional golfer Jason Bohn has suffered a mild heart attack aged 39 at the Honda Classic in Florida.
The price of oil has fallen below $37 a barrel, as OPEC refused to cut production.
A man who led police on a high-speed chase through West Sussex has been jailed for 15 months.
At least 12 people have been killed in a shootout between rival drug gangs in northern Mexico, officials say.
The Walt Disney animation The Lion King has been added to the US National Film Registry for 2017.
At least 160 people have been killed in a church collapse in southern Nigeria, officials say.
Ireland were dismissed for 272, 66 runs short of the target set by Afghanistan, in the second one-day international.
Sam Vokes says Wales must win in Dublin to boost their chances of qualifying for the 2018 World Cup.
A 24-year-old man has been found dead in a flat in Glasgow's Castlemilk area.
A Romanian hacker who targeted the Bush family and Hillary Clinton has been sentenced to five years and eight months in the US in 2016.
Radio 1 DJ Chris Evans is to be awarded an honorary degree from the University of East Anglia.
Macau, a Chinese territory, has reported record gambling revenue for 2010, according to official figures.
Tata Steel has been fined £930,000 after a chemical was released at its plant in Scunthorpe.
A record 53 new distilleries were opened in Scotland and England last year, a report has claimed.
Plans to expand Luton Airport to handle 30 million passengers a year have been revealed.
A man who sexually assaulted a 12-year-old girl has been jailed for 30 months.
Former Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has announced he will not return to coaching after turning down offers in 2016.
Gusts of wind of up to 60mph have caused disruption across north Wales on Friday.
Sales of the book on which 2014 Oscar-winning film 12 Years a Slave is based have soared following the ceremony.
The number of cases of syphilis in London has risen by more than 160% in five years, figures show.
A new global system for tracking aircraft will be introduced by 2019, following the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines flight MH370.
Former Wales scrum-half Mike Phillips will join Sale Sharks in 2016.
A £10m hydroelectric scheme is to be shelved after a row over its impact on the environment.
A gang of 10 men who were caught with £1m of heroin have been jailed for up to 18 years.
A £100m development to transform a former brewery site in Newcastle into a science and technology hub has been officially opened.
At least 16 people have been injured in a collision between two trains in Oakland, California, Amtrak says.
The RSPCA has said it is "extremely concerned" about the number of animals suffering in Wales after 297 people were convicted of offences.
Cancer patients are waiting longer for treatment than they have done for more than three months, figures show.
The Football Association, English Football League and Premier League are donating £1m to the Grenfell Tower appeal.
The Co-operative Group has reported a half-year profit for the first time since 2009.
The creator of a famous sculpture garden in India's Chandigarh city, Nek Chand, has died aged 90.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has arrived in Russia for her first visit in two years.
Royal Mail has issued a set of stamps to mark the 350th anniversary of the Great Fire of London.
Prince Harry has visited 10 indigenous villages during his trip to Guyana.
Swansea City's longest serving director has died at the age of 88.
Sheffield United have released goalkeeper Steve Baxter after extending his contract by a year.
A court in Argentina has begun the trial of five men accused of running a secret detention centre during the country's military rule.
Australian police have identified nine women they believe have been recruited by Islamic State militants.
Retired firefighters in Wales are to receive £5m in compensation after a pension error.
The US has appointed its first ambassador to Cuba since relations were severed 54 years ago.
A 21-year-old man has been found guilty of murdering his wife in a domestic attack at their home in Glasgow.
The number of cannabis farms in England and Wales has doubled in a year, according to a police report.
Hearts have £6m in reserve to fund a new main stand, with supporters providing half of the total.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says qualification for the last 32 of the Europa League would be the biggest achievement of his career.
Aberdeen have appointed former Dons midfielder Paul Sheerin as their new Under-20s coach, following his success at Arbroath in
American football star Troy Polamalu has announced his retirement at the age of 33.
A new 50m swimming pool for Derby is to be built at a cost of at least £20m, the city council has announced.
The UN Commission of Inquiry on Syria is to publish a list of 200 suspected war criminals in Syria in 2015.
Thousands of people have attended protests in Ireland against water charges.
A database of 390 trees and shrubs has been created to help people choose the right tree for their garden or city.
Russia coach Leonid Slutsky has been asked to step down after the country's disappointing performance at Euro 2016.
Five "anomalies" have been found during a search of the Monkland Canal for the remains of a Lanarkshire schoolgirl who disappeared 60 years
Nearly 94% of teenagers who check their mobile phones at night are on social media, a survey suggests.
A Chinese takeaway chef who tried to kill a colleague with a meat cleaver has been jailed for 18 years.
A hospital has received 100 complaints from local residents about parking problems.
Glasgow Warriors scrum-half Ali Price believes the Warriors can make it three Pro12 finals in a row.
West Brom striker Saido Berahino has been banned from driving for 12 months after admitting drink-driving.
Ecuador will hold a run-off election in May to choose a successor to President Rafael Correa, after no candidate won outright in 2017
More than 700 US government email addresses and passwords have been found online, a security firm has discovered.
British weightlifters will bid to qualify for the 2016 Rio Olympics at the European Championships in Norway.
New guidelines to protect children under 10 from heading footballs have been announced by the US Soccer Federation.
Aberdeen-based Proserv has won two contracts worth more than £10m each from oil and gas engineering firm Taqa.
The US government has told the trial of the Boston Marathon bomber that the youngest victim of the 2013 attacks was "blown apart".
The US has condemned a decision by the Afghan government to release 72 prisoners from Bagram jail.
The BBC has announced its extensive coverage plans for the Rio 2016 Olympics and Paralympics.
An Angus engineering firm is expanding with a new facility in Brechin, creating more than 50 jobs.
A man in his 80s was taken to hospital after a lorry crashed into a house in Herefordshire.
Boyhood has been named best film of 2014 by the New York Film Critics Circle.
A row over a new school in Gwynedd is set to be discussed by councillors in February 2018.
Wales lock Matthew Roberts will play for Cambridge University in the Varsity match against Oxford on 2 February.
Land Rover has confirmed that it will replace the Defender, 75 years after the first Land Rover was introduced.
A 20th Century Victorian swimming pool in Reading is to close after 106 years.
Sam Northeast's unbeaten 74 helped Kent to a strong position against Essex in Division Two.
More than 200 police officers in Dyfed-Powys are to be given body cameras as part of a permanent roll-out.
Seven days from now, voters in Florida and Ohio will decide whether Donald Trump is a viable presidential candidate.
A school in Hull has sent home more than 100 pupils for not wearing the correct uniform.
North Korea has sentenced a US citizen to 15 years of hard labour for "crimes against the state", state media say.
Average speed cameras are to be installed on the M74 motorway as part of a major road improvement project.
A British student has been jailed for 18 months in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) for drug possession.
Golf's Olympic future could be in doubt if the sport does not comply with anti-doping rules at the 2016 Games.
Footage has been released of the police raid that ended the 16-hour siege at a Sydney cafe.
A man who posted racist comments on Facebook about a murdered toddler has been sentenced to 120 hours of community service.
Plans for more than 1,300 car parking spaces at a new retail park have been approved.
Scotland's greenhouse gas emissions have increased by 1.8% since 2014, according to official figures.
West Brom have rejected a £25m bid from Manchester City for defender Jonny Evans.
A new body to register and regulate 100,000 people working in education and youth services has been launched.
Insurance firm Royal Sun Alliance is to close its Birmingham office with the loss of 190 jobs.
Actress Gemma Arterton is in talks to star in a musical version of the 2010 film Made in Dagenham.
Two men who stole 115 sheep from neighbouring farms have been jailed.
The Grand Secretary of the Orange Order has said the institution will do everything in its power to prevent violence at the 12 July Twelfth parade.
Real Madrid have been asked for information on 51 players by Fifa, the Spanish club have confirmed.
James McFadden's Hibernian team-mate James Commons hopes the former Scotland striker can extend his loan until 15 January.
The BBC has extended its deal to broadcast the Six Nations rugby tournament until 2017.
England and Scotland will wear poppy armbands during their 2018 World Cup qualifier in November despite Fifa's ban.
A science centre in Cardiff has been given a five-year reprieve from losing all of its government funding.
Doctor Who stars David Tennant and Billie Piper will appear in the 50th anniversary special, the BBC has confirmed.
Former New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum will be back at Lord's for Middlesex's T20 Blast campaign.
(Close): The S&P 500 index closed down 0.7% for the year, while the Dow Jones and Nasdaq both ended slightly lower.
Tesco has agreed to sell its loss-making Fresh & Easy business in the US for £150m.
A wildlife charity has rescued 26 swans and cygnets from a country park in the past year after they became entangled in fishing lines.
A community has sold 100 shares in a pub to raise funds to buy it.
Anna Christian will lead the British Cycling women's team at the 100km European Road Championships in Denmark.
Police in Italy have arrested 11 people as part of an investigation into match-fixing at 30 lower league football clubs.
More than 40% of prisoners at a jail in Cheshire feel unsafe, a report has said.
Cheltenham Town moved up to second in the National League with a hard-fought win over Forest Green.
A suggestion to name a new polar research ship Boaty McBoatface is 25,000 votes ahead of its nearest rival.
A chain of bubble tea cafes has ended a policy of offering 4 weeks unpaid training to new staff.
Police investigating phone hacking have arrested a 15th person in connection with the scandal.
A windmill in Hampshire has reopened after a £150,000 restoration project.
The 2013 Rugby League World Cup starts at 14:30 BST on Friday, 25 October with England's match against Australia.
More than 500 voters in Florida will be affected by a decision to move a polling station out of a mosque.
At least 70 people have been killed in bombings in the southern Yemeni city of Aden, officials say.
Iran's President has congratulated the 17 women elected to the country's parliament in elections last week.
A 10-year-old boy is being hailed as a hero after saving his mother and sister from a fire at their home.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teacher was stabbed at a school in Bradford.
At least 100 people have been killed in a landslide in western Colombia, officials say.
The US broadcaster Gwen Ifill has died at the age of 61 after a battle with cancer.
UKIP believes it can win seats at next year's assembly election after coming close to winning a seat in this year's general election.
The number of European eels in some Norfolk rivers has increased by 95% in the past five years, the Environment Agency has said.
A firefighter who was suspended after a woman died in a house fire has been sacked, 28 minutes after the first call.
Jenson Button says he will retire from Formula 1 after this weekend's race in Abu Dhabi.
The former Conservative home secretary Lord Waddington has died aged 84, his family has announced.
Action camera maker GoPro is cutting 100 jobs as it tries to turn around its fortunes.
Yemeni President Abdrabbuh Mansour Hadi's chief of staff has been released after being held hostage for 24 hours.
North Korea is holding its first local elections in four years.
Ian Hutchinson will not compete in the British Superbike Championship after his Honda team withdrew their entry.
A packaging firm has gone into administration with the loss of 100 jobs.
Consumer confidence has fallen to its lowest level since 1994, according to a survey by GfK.
Two men have been jailed for their part in the death of a 17-year-old boy in a hit-and-run.
Paralympic archery champion Jodie Grinham says she will not switch disciplines to try to qualify for the 2016 Olympics.
Cardiff Blues maintained their unbeaten start to the Pro12 season with a hard-fought win over Pau at the Arms Park on Saturday, 19
Edinburgh is to become the first Scottish city to introduce a 20mph speed limit across much of the city centre.
The BBC has compiled a list of the six most powerful women in British business.
A theatre built in 1894 is to be sold at auction after the Duchy of Lancaster failed to find a suitable owner.
An 85-year-old woman has died in a house fire which police are treating as murder.
Edinburgh will host the 2017 European Champions Cup and Challenge Cup finals, it has been announced.
Tottenham have signed Spain striker Roberto Soldado from Valencia in a club-record £26m deal.
A woman with six children who cannot look after them will be sterilised to prevent any further pregnancies, a High Court judge has ruled.
Six teams have been shortlisted to rebuild a National Trust stately home with a £30m construction value.
A photographic exhibition has opened to mark 50 years since Nottingham's Victoria Station closed.
A postcard sent 31 years ago has been delivered to a man's home in Swansea.
Manchester City Council is to review the effectiveness of 20mph zones after they failed to reduce accidents as much as hoped.
A former loyalist prisoner who evaded justice for 38 years has been jailed for six months.
Up to 76 jobs could go at a Shropshire college as part of a restructuring of the organisation.
A man who spent 25 years in prison for a murder he did not commit has been cleared of the crime.
More than 200 businesses in Edinburgh have been found to be illegally dumping their waste in communal bins.
Former actor Lord Rix, 80, has called for a change in the law to allow people to be helped to die.
A former homeless alcoholic who turned his life around has been awarded an OBE in the New Year's Honours list.
India beat Sri Lanka by an innings and 236 runs in the second Test in Colombo to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
Tennis courts across the UK are to be upgraded as part of a £250m funding package.
BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game at the 2014 Fifa World Cup.
Streaming services helped drive a significant growth in the UK music industry in 2016, according to the British Phonographic Industry (BPI).
A man who died in a crash on the A713 in Dumfries and Galloway has been named.
Fast bowler Boyd Rankin will return to international duty with Ireland in 2016 after switching allegiance back to the country of his birth.
The new county cricket schedule for 2016 has been announced, with a reduction in Championship matches.
Flood damage to Leeds Rhinos' training ground is estimated to cost the club £1m.
At least 10 bodies have been found after a fire broke out at a garment factory in Bangladesh, officials say.
Painter Graham Simpson has won the John Moores Painting Prize, 57 years after the award was established.
Taking long daytime naps of more than 60 minutes could increase the risk of type-2 diabetes, research suggests.
A man who drove people to safety after the Manchester Arena bombing has said he could not "stand by and do nothing".
Police in Londonderry have warned that 16 petrol bombs were found in a west bank area of the city.
Scotland will have a record number of athletes at the Rio 2016 Olympics after a further five were named in the GB team.
Police in western India have found 23 female foetuses buried in a field in the state of Maharashtra.
A man who made a hoax bomb threat at a 43-year-old hospital has been jailed.
The world's food supply is vulnerable to disruption at 20 chokepoints, a think tank has warned.
A portrait door painted 85 years ago is to be restored after it was removed from a Cheltenham shop.
Olympic champion Joanna Rowsell Shand could ride for Wales at the 2018 Commonwealth Games in Australia.
The Northern Ireland Executive has announced an extra £1m to tackle waiting lists for autism assessments.
At least 32 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack on a football pitch in Iraq, officials say.
Saudi Arabia has announced plans for a $500bn (Â£380bn) tourism project on its Red Sea coast.
A 16th Century hall in Manchester has been badly damaged by a fire.
The Supreme Court of India has rejected requests by two Italian marines accused of killing two Indian fishermen in 2012 to leave the country.
More than 300,000 tweets have been posted about Muhammad Ali since the news of his death was announced.
A 19th Century barracks in Powys is to close, the Ministry of Defence has announced.
About 100 skeletons have been found in a mass grave in Peterborough, archaeologists have revealed.
Featherstone Rovers reached the last eight of the Challenge Cup with a 30-12 win over Halifax.
The lack of a coroner could delay an inquest into the 1976 murders of 10 Protestant workmen at Kingsmill.
A team of engineers has stepped in to help restore a rare World War Two German cipher machine.
England's Matt Fitzpatrick is tied for the lead at the Hong Kong Open after a third-round 67.
Carissa Yip is 11 and she's just become the youngest ever chess master in the US.
England boss Roy Hodgson says Andy Carroll will not be included in his Euro 2016 squad.
Bob the Builder is getting a new voice for the show's return in 2015.
China has asked Zambia to release 100 Chinese nationals arrested in a crackdown on illegal mining.
Archaeologists have uncovered a 12th Century castle in County Durham.
Work has begun on the next phase of Dundee's £1bn waterfront transformation project.
Israeli police say they have killed a man suspected of carrying out a deadly shooting spree in Tel Aviv last week.
(Close): Shares in Paddy Power fell 3% after the bookmaker reported its results.
MPs have accused the government of failing to help women born in the 1950s who have lost out over their pensions.
A £4.2m National Lottery grant has been awarded to help restore a historic building in Aberystwyth.
Notts County chairman Alan Hardy has appointed a new chief executive and three directors as the club celebrates its 150th anniversary.
A Swansea Bay MP has warned of a "disgrace" if the UK government pulls the plug on a Â£1bn tidal lagoon project.
A biennial classic car festival in Coventry has been cancelled after losing its main funding.
The first full trailer for the new James Bond film Spectre has been released - ahead of its 26 October release.
A crisp factory which makes Walkers products is to close with the loss of more than 350 jobs.
The Welsh Government is providing £1.5m to help fund a new inland surfing lagoon in Conwy county.
Blink 182 have announced that guitarist Tom DeLonge has left the band.
Police are investigating a robbery at the Royal Bank of Scotland branch at 100 Buchanan Street in Glasgow.
Former Wales footballer Dean Saunders has joked he faces a Â£1,000 parking fine after leaving his car at Birmingham Airport for Euro 2
Wales lock Luke Charteris will join Bath Rugby from French Top 14 side Racing 92 in 2016.
A £30m pension fund investment in a new housing fund is set to help build more affordable homes in Scotland.
A Bangladeshi man who was separated from his family for 25 years has returned home after being freed from a Pakistani prison.
Animal welfare officers have seized 30 puppies they believe were being smuggled into Wales from the Republic of Ireland.
Climate change could reduce the survival chances of some butterfly species in England by 50%, according to a new study.
A non-emergency phone line in Oxfordshire has been ranked as a "high risk" to patient safety.
A man who made £30m from loan sharking has had his jail sentence suspended after he paid back his victims.
Antonio Conte has been appointed as the coach of the Italy national team for Euro 2016.
Coca-Cola has reported a 5% drop in profits for the first quarter of 2016.
George Clooney has made a 98-year-old woman's dreams come true by visiting her at her care home.
A letter signed by 100 doctors has warned that the NHS is "withering away" under the coalition government.
The remains of a 16th Century defensive wall have been discovered at Stirling Castle.
Wrexham have appointed former player Dean Keates as their permanent manager for 2016-17.
The government is to create 1,000 extra medical school places in England to help tackle a shortage of doctors.
The area of Afghanistan under poppy cultivation has reached a record 500 square kilometres, according to the UN.
At least 140 people have died in a clash between rival Libyan forces, the LNA says.
Child marriage is a major threat to girls' lives and rights, according to a report by Save the Children in 2015.
A plane landing at East Midlands Airport forced the closure of part of the M1 motorway.
Spotlight has won best film at the 2015 New York Film Critics Circle awards.
The matchbox industry in India began in the 19th century, and the collection of labels and boxes is now the largest in the world.
British bantamweight champion Jamie McDonnell will defend his WBA title against Japan's Shohei Kiyohara on 29 April.
A pelican who was the longest-serving resident of Wellington Zoo in New Zealand has died at the age of 45.
Hockey legend Gordie Howe has died at the age of 88, his family has confirmed.
US-based legal services firm Axiom is to create 97 jobs in Belfast.
A woman who has been selling poppies for more than 75 years has been honoured by the Royal British Legion.
Yorkshire are interested in hosting a day-night County Championship match.
Plans to build 510 houses in a village near Hull have been refused by the government.
Charlton have appointed Jose Riga as their new head coach for a second time in two years,
The US economy grew at its fastest pace in 2014, according to the latest figures from the Commerce Department.
General Motors has put its India plans "on hold" and will stop selling cars in the country.
More than 250 whales have died after being stranded on a beach in New Zealand.
Lancashire batsman Liam Livingstone is included in England's 16-man squad for the Twenty20 series against South Africa.
More than 60 patients who had operations at a mobile theatre at a Somerset hospital have suffered complications.
Three people have been taken to hospital after a lorry crashed into a bus on the A34 in Oxfordshire.
Two West Sussex councils have accused the government of "sham" consultation over a Â£69m improvement scheme.
A motion to reduce the cost of parking fines to £45 has been rejected by MLAs.
Sonny West, a close friend and assistant to Elvis Presley, has died at the age of 79.
Hampshire batsman James Vince says playing in the World Twenty20 in India will be a "massive step" towards playing Test cricket for England.
ScotRail has launched a nationwide recruitment drive to create up to 100 new train driver jobs.
People who took part in a health survey 50 years ago are being asked to take part in a new study.
French former world number one Marion Bartoli has retired from tennis at the age of 28 because of injury.
Formula 1 teams have failed to convince the sport's bosses to revert to the qualifying system used in 2015.
Southampton have signed winger Nathan Redmond from Norwich City for a fee of about £10m.
Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino says there is no price on Harry Kane after the striker broke his club's 2015 goal record
A measles outbreak in south west Wales has now passed 20 cases, Public Health Wales has said.
A decision on the future of a 20th Century concert hall in Perth is set to be made next week.
A 22-year-old man has been found dead in a house in Glasgow's Royston area.
A reunion has been held to mark 20 years since the closure of Ipswich Airport.
Soldiers spent less than half their time on the front line during World War One, a study has found.
A row involving 12 members of the Welsh Conservative group at the Senedd has been described as "tittle-tattle" by the group leader.
Charlton Athletic have launched an investigation into alleged child sex abuse in the 1980s.
A 16-year-old boy who died after being attacked at a party has been named locally.
British gymnast Craig MacKenzie is aiming to compete for South Africa at the 2014 Commonwealth Games.