A project to survey 200 churches in Norfolk for medieval graffiti has uncovered a series of drawings of ships.
A 12-year-old boy is in a critical condition after being set on fire by another boy in Texas, say police.
A man has admitted being involved in a plot to import £50m of cocaine into the UK.
Stars including Rihanna have been sending messages of support to France after an attack in Nice killed at least 84 people.
The families of the 96 Hillsborough victims have been honoured by the city of Liverpool.
World 100m champion Dina Asher-Smith will compete at the Birmingham Indoor Grand Prix on 12 March.
Leigh Centurions have signed Australian half-back Daniel Mortimer on a contract until the end of the 2017 season.
The Somali government has deported 400 foreigners for overstaying their visas.
Monsoon rains have killed at least 146 people in South Asia, with many more missing.
Tiger Woods has spent 10 weeks outside the world's top 100 for the first time since 1996.
Volleyball will miss out on the 2021 Island Games because of a lack of space on Guernsey.
Luis Suarez will play for Barcelona in a charity match against Liverpool Legends at Anfield on 29 May.
At least 27 people have been killed in the derailment of a fuel tanker train in Burma (Myanmar), officials say.
Facebook has been ordered to stop tracking non-users in Belgium for 30 days.
South Africa's Western Cape province has declared a disaster in response to a drought that has affected more than 10 million people.
Shares in mining giant Glencore fell another 10% on Monday, as fears over its debt pile continued to mount.
Motorists are being warned of delays after Highways England announced a series of road closures on the M1 at Junction 12.
A teenager who suffered brain damage after medical negligence has been awarded £10m damages.
England manager Roy Hodgson expects Harry Kane to join the Under-21s for the European Championship in the Czech Republic this summer.
Former England opener Robert Key has announced his retirement from cricket after a 19-year career.
A man who stabbed a 17-year-old man to death in Gloucestershire has been jailed for life.
Pope Francis has paid tribute to the victims of a bomb attack on an Argentine Jewish centre 20 years ago.
Michael Phelps says he will retire after the Rio Olympics in 2016.
A two-year-old boy has lost his eye after a drone crashed into a tree and fell on to him.
Guns N' Roses have announced a string of European dates, including a return to Ireland for the first time since 1992.
Wales Women missed out on a place at Euro 2017 after a goalless draw with Austria in Cardiff.
The world premiere of the first Hobbit film will be held in Wellington, New Zealand, the city where the trilogy was filmed.
The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 has been at the top of the UK box office for 10 consecutive weeks.
Police investigating the murder of a man with learning difficulties in Belfast 15 years ago have re-opened the case.
RBS is moving more than 400 jobs to India as part of a cost-cutting drive.
Honduras has suspended 10 of its consuls in the US over allegations that they were selling fake IDs.
India's new government will present its first full-year budget on 7 July, a senior finance ministry official has said.
Car insurance premiums rose by 16% in the past year, according to research by Confused.com.
A man has been found guilty of keeping a banned dog after his pet killed a 13-year-old girl.
Los Angeles has formally launched its bid to host the 2024 Summer Olympics.
The founder of the Ty Hafan children's hospice has died at the age of 62.
Fishers Services has opened a new £10m laundry facility near Glasgow.
A theme park where an 11-year-old girl died after falling from a ride will reopen on Saturday.
The last words spoken on board missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 were "good night" and not "all right, good night", officials say.
Tyrone will defend their 2017 Ulster Senior Football Championship title against Derry in the opening round.
A Sheffield engineering firm has won a series of contracts worth more than £10m that will create 100 jobs.
A 76-year-old cancer patient has become the oldest person to ski to the South Pole.
The number of people living with cancer in Scotland has reached its highest level in 44 years, according to a charity.
A paedophile who abused four children over a 22-year period has been jailed for 12 years.
Sam Smith has held off Madonna to keep his album In The Lonely Hour at the top of the UK album chart for a sixth week.
Former Glamorgan coach and player James Derrick has died at the age of 55 after a battle with cancer.
Walsall made it three consecutive league games with a win as they beat Peterborough to move up to second in League One.
The FA Cup third round begins on Saturday, 15 January.
The number of stray dogs being put to sleep in Northern Ireland has fallen by 30%.
A mother's body was concealed for 12 years before it was discovered in a garden, a court has heard.
A dog that had been missing for 12 days has been rescued after being spotted stuck down a gorge in the Highlands.
Two women who lived in a religious community have been jailed for fraudulently claiming £77m in benefits after a husband's death.
A man who has been jailed 10 times for breaching an ASBO has been sent to prison for a 11th time.
India has agreed to buy 126 Rafale fighter jets from France, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced.
The classic film Chariots of Fire is to be re-released to coincide with the London 2012 Olympics.
Microsoft is considering a bid for Yahoo of more than $47bn, according to reports.
A plane has crashed near Havana killing all 61 people on board, Cuban officials say.
Fast and Furious 6 has topped the UK box office chart, beating Baz Luhrmann's adaptation of The Great Gatsby into second place.
China has sent 10 ships to sail near disputed East China Sea islands, Japan says.
At least 39 people have been killed in a car and knife attack in Xinjiang, north-western China, officials say.
Taylor Swift has been accused of stealing artwork for her 1989 album and failing to pay the artist.
Sussex fast bowler Matt Hobden has died at the age of 24.
The barcode is 60 years old - but it is still going strong.
Billy Monger, who had a crash in a Formula 4 race, has left hospital and is on the mend.
The University of Strathclyde is investing £1m in its Fraser of Allander Institute to mark its 40th anniversary.
Ulster will be without two of their internationals for Saturday's Pro12 game against Cardiff Blues.
Up to 55 new homes in York have been built in the wrong place, it has emerged.
More than 90 people have been turned away from the theatre because they bought tickets from touts.
Olympic champion Hannah Mills is considering competing in the 2020 Tokyo Olympics in a different class of boat.
A fundraiser sold Jeremy Corbyn's coffee cup on eBay for £51 after he left it on her table at a rally.
Londoners go to the polls in May to elect a mayor.
Labour MP Graham Allen has said he will not be contesting the 2017 general election.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day higher, recovering some of the ground lost on Tuesday.
A blind former soldier who lost his sight in a bomb blast in Afghanistan in 2009 is bidding to compete for Great Britain.
Haiti has announced plans to re-establish an army, 20 years after it was disbanded.
A 17-year-old boy has been jailed for stabbing a man in the head in a "career move" to boost his drug dealing.
Great Britain's Mo Farah and Jamaica's Usain Bolt are set to defend their Rio 2016 titles in London.
A charity has criticised a company selling £1,000 work experience to schoolchildren to help them get into medical school.
Former Sri Lanka fast bowler Chaminda Vaas has been appointed as a spin bowling consultant for Ireland's World Twenty20 squad.
Liberia has reported its first case of Ebola since the country was declared free of the disease 77 days ago.
A former Scout leader has been jailed for 20 years for sexually abusing boys in his care.
A former prisoner of war who survived the Japanese death camps of World War Two has died aged 100.
A team of historians has identified 15 people as descendants of Leonardo da Vinci.
Soldiers have suffered 76 injuries during live firing exercises at a Northumberland training area in the last year, figures have revealed.
A son who stabbed his father 26 times has been jailed for life.
David Florence won gold in the C1 at the Canoe Slalom World Championships in Spain.
The head of a multi-academy trust which runs at least 10 schools has been suspended following a critical Ofsted report.
Sir Stirling Moss has left hospital after a serious illness, 20 days after coming out of a coma following a crash at Goodwood.
Lancashire Police has said it needs to save an extra £20m due to government budget cuts.
A 14-year-old girl helped deliver her baby brother in North Carolina, US, after being upset she couldn't see the birth.
BBC Radio 4 has decided to keep the Saturday Review show after announcing its cancellation.
The 2016 Oscars ceremony has seen a significant drop in ratings, according to US network ABC.
Wales could face a difficult pool at the 2019 World Cup in Japan if they drop further in the world rankings.
President Donald Trump has held a fundraising dinner for his 2020 re-election campaign in Washington.
Hampshire ended day one 45 runs ahead of Sussex after a rain-affected day at Hove.
Great Britain's Stephen Milne finished fourth in the men's 400m freestyle at the World Championships in Kazan.
Hewlett-Packard Enterprise (HPE) has unveiled plans for a new supercomputer that it says will be in operation in 2017.
Polling stations have opened across Scotland for the general election on 7 May.
Plans to transform Swansea's Kingsway into a park at a cost of £100m have been met with mixed reactions.
A charity has been awarded £1m after winning a High Court battle over the wording of a millionaire inventor's will.
The number of people who have died from an Ebola outbreak in Guinea has risen to 78, officials say.
The water quality at 17 beaches in Scotland has been rated as "poor", according to the Scottish Environment Protection Agency.
At least 17 people have died from hornet stings in China's Shaanxi province, according to the local government.
Treviso and Zebre are at risk of being expelled from the Pro12.
Five people have died and several others have been injured in a crash on the A34 in Berkshire.
The number of times more people in England and Wales are being sent to court over unpaid Council Tax debts is 100 times more than five years ago, according to
Richard Kilty has been left out of the Great Britain team for the World Indoor Championships in the 60m.
A gang of men allegedly sexually abused girls as young as 12 in Bristol and London, a court has heard.
The Scottish government has admitted that a £10bn investment deal with Chinese companies was withdrawn.
A normal healthy person carries about 400 genetic flaws in their DNA, scientists have found.
Australian authorities have warned of "major flooding" in the city of Rockhampton, which is experiencing its worst floods in 30 years.
A woman who murdered her partner has been jailed for 20 years.
More than 150 community, political and business groups have issued a statement supporting Australian rules footballer Adam Goodes.
A family has returned home after a sinkhole appeared outside their house 14 months ago.
Five people have died on Northern Ireland's roads so far this year, the environment minister has said.
Gloucestershire's police force is to undergo its biggest reorganisation in 10 years, the Police and Crime Commissioner has said.
Plans for 31 new travellers' pitches in Solihull have been approved by the council.
More than 600 homes in Blaenau Gwent have had their gas supplies restored after a water leak.
Two Welsh Labour AMs have announced they will stand down in 2016.
The Scottish economy experienced a slowdown in growth in the final quarter of 2015, according to a leading economic think tank.
More than 100 retailers in London sold knives to children during test purchases, trading standards have warned.
The creator of the dance anthem Children, Robert Miles, has died at the age of 47.
At least 37 people have been killed by a building collapse in the southern Indian city of Chennai, officials say.
Jack and Emily were the most popular baby names in Northern Ireland in 2014, according to official figures.
A 14-year-old girl took her own life and there was no evidence to support claims she was bullied online, an inquest has heard.
Canterbury Cathedral has raised more than £20m for its restoration.
The number of new businesses in Wales has fallen since 2011, according to new figures.
More than 100 girls were sent home from school for wearing skirts that were too short, the school has said.
The 33-year-old stuntwoman who died while filming a motorcycle scene for Deadpool 2 has been named as Joi "SJ" Harris
A suicide bombing in north-western Afghanistan has killed at least 30 people, officials say.
At least 71 people have died in a crash involving a bus and a truck in Ghana, officials say.
Martin Warren has revealed he used a training aid to move up 38 places in the world rankings.
The Irish government has announced that up to 10% of state-owned bank Allied Irish Banks (AIB) is to be sold to the public.
Ariana Grande has cancelled the remaining dates of her world tour following the Manchester bomb attack that killed 22 people.
Valuation details of homes earmarked for demolition in Phase 2 of HS2 were lost in a postbox, it has emerged.
Glasgow has been selected as one of 10 cities to host matches at Euro 2020.
Former Irish Foreign Minister Peter Barry has died at the age of 81.
Former Philippine Senator Miriam Defensor Santiago has died at the age of 71.
A power failure on a railway line into London led to more than 20 trains being cancelled.
The number of people whose identities were stolen for fraud last year rose by 50%, according to a fraud prevention service.
Miles Jupp is to take over as host of BBC Radio 4's The News Quiz.
The number of serious further offences committed by people under supervision for sex or violent crimes has risen by 127%, figures have shown.
Turnout was high in Thursday's 2017 assembly election, according to the Electoral Office.
Southampton City Council has announced plans to close day centres and a residential home for elderly people with dementia in a bid to save almost £2m.
A collection of 10 previously unreleased Bob Marley tracks are being released on Monday.
Indian anti-corruption campaigner Anna Hazare has broken his 24-hour hunger strike to accept a glass of fruit juice.
A supermassive black hole at the centre of a nearby galaxy has been quiet for nine years, astronomers have found.
About 150 janitors have begun an indefinite strike over pay.
Scottish soul singer Alistair "Ali" Diamond has died at the age of 62.
Scotland has experienced its wettest winter on record, according to the Met Office.
A black cab driver who sexually assaulted two drunk women has been jailed for 12 years.
Rory McIlroy won the Deutsche Bank Championship to claim his first PGA Tour victory in 14 months.
Alastair Cook has stepped down as England captain after leading his country in 59 Test matches.
Joe Medicine Crow, the last living Crow warrior to receive the title of war chief, has died aged 94.
Manchester United have completed the signing of Southampton defender Luke Shaw for a fee of about £27m.
A former PoW who survived the atomic bombing of Nagasaki has died at the age of 97.
The new individual electoral register will be introduced in time for the 2014 local and European elections, the government has announced.
The chief executive and chairman of 7-Eleven Australia have stepped down after 15 years in their roles.
Don McLean and The Dubliners are to be honoured at this year's BBC Radio 2 Folk Awards.
(Close): Strong growth in the services sector helped the FTSE 100 close at a record high.
A Christmas carol service at a Dorset church was attended by more than 10 pets.
The number of elderly people needing care will more than double by 2040, a report warns.
The Africa Cup of Nations will be moved to June and July from 2019, the Confederation of African Football (Caf) has announced.
The European Commission could decide whether a potential merger of O2 and Three goes ahead.
A widower has been charged £160 for a cemetery fee after his wife's funeral.
A Florida prosecutor who said she would not seek the death penalty in a high-profile murder case has had 21 other cases reassigned by the governor.
A new tax collection body will begin collecting taxes in Wales from 2018, the Welsh government has announced.
The US has bought heavy water from Iran for the first time in 18 years, as part of the nuclear deal signed last year.
An 18-year-old woman found dead in a park is being treated as a murder victim, police have said.
Guernsey's mountain bikers will not be able to compete in the 2019 Island Games.
Valentine's Day is celebrated on 14 February.
A 29-year-old man was shot dead by police during a hostage incident in Greater Manchester.
A 19-year-old boy has been jailed for stabbing another teenager in west London.
About 20 people have been left homeless after a fire at a Walkabout pub in Manchester city centre.
Liam Watt hopes to be involved with Scotland at the 2018 World Cup.
Climbing will make its debut at the Olympics in Tokyo in 2020, the International Olympic Committee has announced.
The conduct of 10 South Yorkshire Police officers over their handling of child sexual exploitation is being investigated by the IPCC.
McLaren boss Ron Dennis says the team will not panic after their current winless streak in Formula 1, which is their longest since 2013.
The new qualifying system for Formula 1 will not be ready for the start of the season, Bernie Ecclestone has said.
Liverpool have agreed a £25m deal to sign Hoffenheim striker Roberto Firmino.
A Harris Tweed company is to expand its operations, creating 30 new jobs.
Polling stations have opened in the Republic of Ireland for the first general election in five years.
Junk email has fallen to below 50% for the first time in over a decade, according to security firm Symantec.
Salford Red Devils will be without half-back Olinson Caton-Brown for 12 weeks after he suffered a broken jaw.
The ability to download apps from the Windows Store has been removed from Windows 10 Pro.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens was the big winner at the 2016 MTV Movie Awards.
A man has been charged with firearms offences following an incident on the M62 in West Yorkshire.
Girls across the world are being urged to join a 16-day UN campaign against violence against women.
A man who was cleared of rape has won the right to name himself after being accused of breaching an SRO condition to disclose his PIN code.
At least two people have been killed and at least 40 injured in a derailment of an Amtrak train near Philadelphia.
China will close its domestic ivory market by the end of 2017, the government has announced.
A woman accused of murdering an 89-year-old blind woman and stealing from her has denied the charges.
A 14-year-old boy has been charged with the murders of a woman and her daughter who were found dead at a house.
Gozie Ugwu's first-half goal gave 10-man Woking a vital win at National League leaders Eastleigh.
A 13-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with the rape of a 13-year-old girl.
Kate Danczuk has announced she is standing to be the Labour candidate in Bury North at the general election on 8 June.
The co-creator of The Simpsons, Sam Simon, has died at the age of 59.
Coldplay have announced their new album, A Head Full of Dreams, will be released on 4 December.
The trial of Ibrahim Halawa, the Dublin man being held in an Egyptian prison, has been postponed for the 18th time.
A 42-year-old man has been arrested after cannabis plants were discovered during a police raid in Falkirk.
Paul Hollywood has signed up to continue judging The Great British Bake Off on Channel 4.
Aneurin Donald is aiming to help Glamorgan reach the T20 Blast finals day for the first time since 2004.
A Trislander aircraft nicknamed Joey has made its final flight after 36 years in service.
A man convicted of downloading indecent images of children has been disqualified from claiming Jobseeker's Allowance.
About 50 firefighters are tackling a fire at a recycling plant in Newry.
A man has been charged with the murder of a Catholic workman in County Antrim in 1998.
A total of 223 cases of a bug which causes diarrhoea and sickness have been confirmed in the South West.
Chinese authorities have detained 15 employees of Australian casino company Crown Resorts, local media report.
Thailand has transferred over 50 police officers to other regions as part of a crackdown on human trafficking.
Typhoon Soudelor has killed at least 15 people in China, state media say, after it battered Taiwan and the Philippines.
Aberystwyth University has said it has lost out on 100 European students who withdrew their applications to study there.
Sir Walter Scott used chamomile to treat his stomach complaint in 1824, according to a journal entry.
Michael Dunlop and Derek Sheils shared the spoils in the Cookstown 100 road races on Saturday.
Valentino Rossi ended a 12-month wait for a MotoGP victory by winning at Misano.
The leader of a drugs gang has been jailed for 15 years after a failed murder attempt.
The remake of the 1949 comedy film Whisky Galore has been released on DVD and Blu-ray.
A call for stops in Bradford and York on a proposed high-speed rail link between Manchester and Leeds has been made.
Wales women drew with Israel in their Women's World Cup 2019 Group 8 qualifier in Tel Aviv.
A remote Scottish island is to have a constant electricity supply for the first time in 38 years.
The founder of the micronation Sealand, Roy Bates, has died at the age of 91.
The health minister has promised £8m to address a funding shortfall in learning disability services in Northern Ireland.
Archaeologists believe they have discovered the lost chapel of King Richard III in the grounds of a private house in North Yorkshire.
Aldershot Town were unable to find a way past 10-man York City as the sides played out a goalless draw.
Algeria have appointed Albert Alcaraz as coach for their 2018 World Cup qualifiers.
A bride has been reunited with her wedding dress after it went missing for just over one month.
Callum Hawkins is the defending 10km champion at the European Cross Country Championships in Sardinia.
A new steel processing company is to be created in Caerphilly county, creating 20 new jobs.
Andy Carroll could return to action for West Ham against Newcastle on 12 September, says manager Slaven Bilic.
Hampshire have re-signed South African fast bowler Fidel Edwards for the 2017 season.
BBC Radio 5 live will provide live commentary of the Ryder Cup from Hazeltine
Character actor Paul Wingreen, who played Boba Fett in Star Wars, has died aged 93.
A drunk driver who killed 26 people in a bus crash in Taiwan last month had planned to kill himself, officials say.
Essex need 100 runs to beat Leicestershire after the hosts closed on 69-1, leading by 47.
A GP who sexually abused young patients more than 50 years ago is being investigated by police.
Harlequins are sending American footballer Psalm Wooching to play in the World Club 10s tournament in Mauritius.
A toddler has survived after falling 30ft from a third-floor balcony in Minneapolis.
Jost Capito is to leave McLaren's Formula 1 team, BBC Sport has learned.
A 16-year-old boy has to photoshop his selfies to hide his double chin.
A record number of new cars were sold in the UK in 2016, but this year's sales are expected to fall.
Chinese teams will play in the German under-23 reserve league from next season, according to the German FA.
Germany is the economic powerhouse of Europe, but 22 years after reunification in 1990, it is still struggling to find its place.
A mother accused of murdering her 18-month-old daughter failed to call for help when she found her "unwell", a court has heard.
Yorkshire were left with a deficit of 91 runs after Nottinghamshire declared on 261-5.
At least 15 people have been killed in a car bomb attack in eastern Iraq, officials say.
The family of US comedian Joan Rivers has reached a settlement in a lawsuit over her death in 2014.
At least 34 people have been killed in an attack by Islamic State (IS) militants in the Iraqi city of Tikrit, officials say.
People born in 1915 are in better health than those born a decade earlier, a study suggests.
Police have launched a search for a 71-year-old man who has gone missing from his home in Belfast.
The percentage of ambulance staff in Wales taking sick leave has fallen to 7% over the past year.
A man who stole personal details of 1,300 US military personnel and federal employees and gave them to Islamic State militants has pleaded guilty.
Landslides in western Japan have killed 21 people, officials say.
Drug testing in Spain's top flight has not been carried out for 12 months, during a suspension of the country's anti-doping agency.
Edinburgh director of rugby Richard Solomons believes the double over Glasgow is the best he has seen in 10 years.
A hospital trust has admitted 22 cancer patients have died or been harmed because they were "lost to follow-up" over the past five years.
Morecambe midfielder Kevin Ellison, 36, has been offered a new contract by the League Two club.
Russia's Investigative Committee has opened a criminal probe into a helicopter crash in western Siberia that killed 19 people.
More than 100 steelworkers from across the UK have gathered in London to protest against cheap Chinese steel.
John Agard has been awarded the Queen's Gold Medal for Poetry 2014.
The Daily Mail has paid tribute to its astrologer Jonathan Cainer, who has died aged 59.
Spanish rider Ivan Vicente Maeso is preparing for the 2016 North West 200.
A new DNA test is being used in a bid to identify a man murdered 93 years ago.
A man has died in London 13 years after he was shot in the chest in a nightclub.
The birth rate in Scotland has not been this high for 12 years, according to official figures.
A fire has destroyed a historic Norfolk building dating back to the 19th Century.
Gareth Southgate has turned down the chance to become the England Under-21s manager.
People are being charged up to £2m to withdraw cash from their pension pots, a charity has warned.
The nominations for the 2016 Evening Standard British Film Awards have been announced.
A man has been found guilty of being part of a child sex ring involving girls as young as 14.
India and Pakistan have agreed to hold peace talks, including discussions on the 2008 Mumbai attacks.
Tram tracks which were buried under the streets of Nottingham 116 years ago are to be preserved.
A wind farm project near Coleraine which was rejected by the Londonderry council has been given the go-ahead, creating 25 jobs.
England has submitted an expression of interest to host the 2022 Commonwealth Games.
An investigation has been launched into claims staff at a 111 call centre fell asleep on the job.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has executed 15 senior officials in the first four months of the year, South Korea's spy agency has said.
Manny Pacquiao will fight for the WBO welterweight title against Jessie Vargas on 5 November, his manager has said.
At least nine people have died in floods in the Indian Ocean island of Mauritius, officials say.
Two-time Olympic champion Nicola Adams will face the winner of a preliminary contest in the first round of the Rio 2016 Olympics.
Police are returning 150 vehicles that were parked illegally near Gatwick Airport.
Ireland suffered a defeat by Bangladesh in their final warm-up match before the Women's World Twenty20.
Human remains found during the search for missing woman Sian O'Callaghan are believed to be those of a woman aged 26, police have said.
A family of eight has turned down a four-bedroom house offered to them by a council.
Hillary Clinton has won 59 delegates in three western states, keeping her on track to secure the Democratic nomination.
An ambulance service which has been criticised for its performance is recruiting more than 100 paramedics.
Members of a Londonderry flute band who fought in the Battle of the Somme 100 years ago are to be honoured.
An Indian man who admitted to spying for Pakistan has been released after 30 years in prison.
The police ombudsman has said it will investigate whether the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) had an informer before the 1993 IRA
New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum scored 29 in his final Test innings before retiring from international cricket.
Bosnian Serbs have voted overwhelmingly to celebrate 9 January as their statehood day, despite a court ruling that the referendum was illegal.
A court order allowing doctors to perform surgery on an 11-year-old boy has been made amid fears his parents will flee the country.
Gunmen have kidnapped 30 Hazara men in southern Afghanistan, officials say.
More than 100 scientists have urged the postponement or relocation of the Rio Olympics because of the Zika virus.
More than 25 cars have been destroyed in a fire at a derelict car showroom.
Ofsted has criticised Medway Council for failing to improve 11 primary schools it rated as "inadequate".
About 100 people have protested outside the British embassy in Kigali, Rwanda, in support of Gen Fredrick Karake.
California's governor has scrapped a proposal to reduce petroleum use in the state by 50% by 2030.
Ryanair is adding 17 new routes to Scottish airports this winter.
Two pilots who tried to smuggle 1.5 tonnes of cocaine into France have returned to the country after 10 years in jail.
Women in their 20s are more likely to become pregnant after having their tonsils or appendix removed, a study suggests.
Cardiff council is to consider a £600m City Deal with the UK government.
A man who was cleared of raping a 21-year-old woman has said he feels "devastated" by the impact of the allegation.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower on Thursday, with shares in Sky dragging on the index.
US airline Delta is considering ordering 125 new planes from Bombardier, according to reports.
Merseyrail workers have begun a 24-hour strike in a dispute over the role of guards on trains.
2017 is being promoted as the Year of Legends, with a series of events and projects being launched.
Misao Okawa, the world's oldest person, has died in Japan at the age of 117.
Yorkshire have re-signed New Zealand captain Kane Williamson for the 2016 season.
At least 118 forest fires have broken out in northern Spain, officials say.
A group of 20 Welsh campaigners have travelled to Paris to urge the Welsh Government to do more to tackle climate change.
Formula 1 team McLaren is creating 250 new jobs at its Surrey factory.
Leinster bounced back from their defeat in Wales to beat Zebre by 51 points at the RDS Arena.
Ferguson Marine is to receive a £1m grant to help rebuild its shipyard.
Cardiff Blues head coach Danny Wilson was delighted with his side's character after they beat Edinburgh with 14 men.
Formula 1 (F1) has signed a partnership with Snapchat that will run until the end of 2018.
Glasgow Warriors have signed Scotland Under-20 international Sean Maitland from Super Rugby side Chiefs.
Antonio 'Tony' Vandelli has been forced to withdraw from Channel 4's The Jump after injuring his ankle.
A boy from Afghanistan who was photographed wearing a Messi shirt for the 2022 World Cup has met the Barcelona star.
A 12-year-old girl is among the victims of a shooting at a vigil in Chicago, Illinois.
Facebook has apologised after a grieving father said its "Year in Review" feature caused distress in 2014.
Division Two leaders Derbyshire are in a strong position to beat Worcestershire after 170 wickets fell on the third day.
Two men have been charged with helping the Paris attackers who killed 130 people in November.
A 12-year-old cellist, Natalie van der Heijden, has won the BBC Young Musician competition.
A Welsh artist has won the 12th Artes Mundi prize for contemporary art.
British driver Jolyon Palmer has been signed to race for Renault in 2017.
The trial of an Irish teenager being held in an Egyptian prison has been adjourned for the 15th time.
A company aiming to develop a mine in Cornwall has received a £1m investment to help it do so.
The murder of a prostitute in Lanarkshire in 2005 has been reopened for investigation.
Haas have unveiled their 2017 Formula 1 car, which will be driven by Romain Grosjean and Kevin Magnussen.
A contract for the design of a 29-mile section of the A96 has been published, the Scottish government has announced.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed slightly lower, with mining shares dragging on the index.
One in five roads in UK cities are congested, according to a new study.
Members of the US actors' union have voted in favour of a strike against video game producers by a margin of more than 75%.
A 19th Century French Impressionist painting is to be kept in the UK after the government placed a temporary export bar on it.
S Club have announced a 2015 reunion tour.
The number of bicycles stolen by muggers in London has increased by 30% in the past year, according to police.
France is hosting a meeting of the 65-nation anti-IS coalition in Paris on Tuesday.
Jeremy Corbyn has pledged to invest £300m in coastal towns.
Seven people were treated in hospital after a chemical incident at a leisure centre in south-west London.
The US government was allowed to search the contents of more than 300 Facebook accounts without the knowledge of the account holders, a court has ruled.
Leicestershire have signed all-rounder Kevin O'Brien for the T20 Blast.
About 150 people have taken part in the first gay pride march in Ukraine's capital, Kiev.
The former BHS boss who took £1 from the retailer has been banned from driving after being caught speeding.
Barnsley have appointed Paul Heckingbottom as their new head coach on an 18-month contract.
The Welsh government is to announce plans to merge Wales' 22 councils into nine.
A Scottish Mutual building in Belfast is to be restored by a Liverpool-based hotel group investing £15m in the project.
Daimler has opened an investigation into diesel emissions, sending its shares down 5%.
The Australian Senate has elected 10 new members, including controversial far-right politician Pauline Hanson.
Police investigating the disappearance of a girl 35 years ago have released a new e-fit of a man they want to trace.
The former Labour minister and MP for the Cynon Valley, Ann Clwyd, will stand for re-election in the 2015 general election.
More than 150 people have died around Scotland's coastline over the past four years, according to the Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI).
Celtic's Scottish Cup semi-final against Rangers will be played on Saturday, 16 April.
A man has completed a 14-day swim down the River Severn, raising money for motor neurone disease sufferers.
Two 17-year-old boys have died after falling from a cliff in North Yorkshire.
A South African court has halted the deportation of more than 100 African migrants.
Two Welsh scientists are to lead a £16m research project into dementia.
A prosthetic beak created using 3D printing technology is being fitted to an injured turtle in Turkey.
A man who sexually abused a teenager after grooming him online was 42 years old, the victim has revealed.
Former England captain Charlotte Edwards has retired from cricket after 16 years with Kent.
The demolition of a castle which inspired Shakespeare is to be marked on its 42nd anniversary.
The Davis Cup and Fed Cup finals will be held in a new season-ending World Cup of Tennis event in Geneva from November 2018.
A private service has been held to mark 25 years since a police officer was murdered by the IRA.
Clara Amfo is to take over the Official Chart Show on BBC Radio 1.
The Home Office is to release 30 files about the Orgreave coking plant riots, the BBC understands.
A former Olympic athlete and World War II pilot has celebrated his 99th birthday.
A driver who led police on a dangerous high-speed chase at speeds of up to 140mph has been jailed.
A £12m new office development in Wolverhampton city centre has been given the go-ahead.
More than 150 school staff were underpaid after a new payroll system was introduced, the county council has said.
Red Bull have extended Carlos Sainz's contract with the team to include the 2017 season.
Two teeth belonging to King John, who granted the Magna Carta 800 years ago, are to go on display.
A suicide attacker has blown himself up at a dog-fighting competition in southern Afghanistan, killing at least 20 people, officials say.
The University of Lincoln is to receive £10m to build a new health science centre.
Drake's One Dance has spent a 13th week at number one on the UK singles chart.
Samsung is to re-release its recalled Galaxy Note 7 smartphone, the firm has announced.
Frome Town manager Jon Challands has been suspended for 12 months after assistant Paul Bunyard was found to have breached FA betting rules.
Edinburgh back Blair Kinghorn has signed a new deal with the club that extends through to the summer of 2019.
John Lewis & Partners has appointed its first female managing director, Paula Nickolds.
An Irish man executed in 1941 for murder has been granted a posthumous pardon, 75 years later.
The World Snooker body has launched a campaign to get the sport included in the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
Great Britain basketball star Drew Sullivan has announced his retirement at the age of 38.
Teachers in Powys have held a one-day strike in a dispute over plans to reorganise secondary schools in the county.
Three men have been jailed for sexually abusing boys at a children's home more than 50 years ago.
Celtic players have paid tribute to a 13-year-old boy who died after collapsing during a football match.
A 94-year-old Nigerian man has died shortly after enrolling in secondary school.
Hampshire captain Will Smith scored 200 on the first day of their County Championship match against Lancashire.
A total of 65 jobs are being cut at a Terex Trucks factory in North Lanarkshire.
A man posing as a roofer has been sought by police after he stole a 90-year-old woman's life savings.
The German Medical Association has criticised a proposal from 28 European Union member states on human drug tests.
The Colombian government has asked the US to provide more information about alleged sexual abuse by US soldiers of underage girls eight years ago in Colombia.
A 14-year-old girl has managed to get a selfie with Prince William.
A £10m project aimed at helping people with mental health problems take up sport is to be launched.
Being overweight is no longer linked to an increased risk of early death, according to research from Denmark, more than 40 years.
Shares in Stanley Gibbons jumped 18% after the rare stamp dealer said it was considering selling part or all of the business.
Troon has voted to admit female members in time to host the 2016 Open Championship.
Glamorgan beat Gloucestershire by four wickets after chasing 290 to win at Bristol.
Scarlets held on to beat Leinster despite the Irish province's late fightback with 14 men.
Fast bowler Lasith Malinga has been ruled out of the World Twenty20 tournament in India because of a knee injury.
A man who killed a 36-year-old in an unprovoked attack has been jailed for four years.
Great Britain's women's pursuit team are aiming to set a new 3km world record at the Track World Championships in London.
Typhoon Bopha has killed at least 47 people in the southern Philippines, officials say.
Police in Swindon are monitoring more than 100 pop-up brothels.
Newcastle boss Steve McClaren says the club's £29m January transfer window spending shows their ambition.
Footballers Gary Neville and Ryan Giggs have put their £200m St Michael's development in Manchester on hold.
A 20-year-old soldier from the Yorkshire Regiment has been killed in Afghanistan.
Hackers stole 53 million email addresses during a data breach at US retailer Home Depot, the company has said.
A leading opposition figure in the Democratic Republic of Congo, Etienne Tshisekedi, has died at the age of 84.
At least 21 people were injured on an Air Canada flight from Toronto to Hong Kong after severe turbulence hit the plane.
Glamorgan batsman Jacques Rudolph has extended his contract with the Welsh county until 2016.
The chief executive of Northampton Borough Council has resigned after 10 years in the role.
An NHS trust which was rated "inadequate" has secured £20m of extra funding to improve services and recruit more staff.
The Dow Jones has closed at a record high for the 13th session in a row, boosted by hopes of a US infrastructure spending boost.
People have been warned they will be unable to vote in the general election unless they register by 20 April.
The NFL will play two games at Twickenham and two at Wembley in 2017.
Scarlets secured a dramatic Pro12 victory over Ulster at Parc y Scarlets.
A prisoner who was moved to a different jail in a van has been awarded more than £1m in compensation after his possessions went missing.
Amir Khan says his new MMA promotion will begin in 2017 and he will fight Kell Brook next year.
The Theatre Royal in Nottingham is celebrating 150 years of hosting pantomimes.
The highest mountain in the UK has been recreated in virtual reality.
Former Scotland badminton international Kirsty Gilmour has announced her retirement at the age of 30.
Pakistan beat Ireland by 255 runs in their one-day international in Dublin.
Policing should be devolved to Wales so that 250 extra police officers could be recruited, Plaid Cymru has said.
Scottish ministers will not be deterred from attracting investment from China despite a £1bn deal being scrapped, they have said.
Middlesex need to win their match against Lancashire to win the County Championship, needing four points to be certain.
Volkswagen Golf owners are being urged to seek compensation for lost value to their vehicles over the diesel emissions scandal.
A new £10m railway station in east London has opened to the public.
Adam Peaty set a new British record to win the 50m freestyle gold at the British Championships.
A suspected chemical attack at a college has left 12 people in hospital.
Girls aged five to 14 do more chores than boys from the age of 14, a UN report has said.
A married couple who have presented BBC radio shows have been charged with sex offences against boys more than 20 years ago.
A 42-year-old man has been arrested in the Republic of Ireland and charged with the murder of David Black.
Kirklees Council has said it is committing £2m to help residents and businesses recover from the Boxing Day floods.
Cardigan Castle has reopened to the public after a £10m restoration.
Pakistan beat Scotland by 96 runs in their one-day international match in Edinburgh.
The number of children going missing in Wales has risen by more than 50% in the past year, according to new figures.
A memorial service has been held to mark the 40th anniversary of a RAF jet crashing into a row of houses.
Worcestershire batsman Alex Gidman has been forced to retire at the age of 36 because of a finger injury.
The vast majority of clinical trials for Alzheimer's disease have failed over the past 10 years, say US scientists.
A man who robbed two shops at knifepoint has been jailed for 96 days.
About 150 people were evacuated from their homes after a gas leak in south-east London.
Southern Railway conductors will begin balloting for strike action on 3 October, the Rail, Maritime and Transport union has said.
Phyllida Barlow has been named as the British artist for the 2017 Venice Biennale.
The remains of two World War Two soldiers killed in the Netherlands 69 years ago have been found and reburied.
More than 1,600 historic buildings in England are at risk of being lost, a report has said.
Zoe Smith won gold in the women's -63kg weightlifting event at the Commonwealth Games.
At least 20 schools in Cape Town have been closed because of a recent spate of gang violence.
The deportation of a 30-year-old woman facing removal from the UK has been put on hold.
A £50m retail development in Northampton town centre has been scrapped.
There are 40 vacant posts for radiologists in Northern Ireland.
Leinster will be boosted by the return of Johnny Sexton and Rob Kearney for their Pro12 game against Ulster on Saturday.
A council has said it plans to sell more than 100 assets over the next four years.
An Aberdeenshire-based oil services firm has raised £18m to continue trading.
A school has reversed a decision to finish early so pupils can watch the Euro 2016 football match.
An 84-year-old woman died after being hit by a supermarket sliding door, an inquest has heard.
Sheffield Eagles have announced that Ben Currie has signed a new three-year contract with the club.
Motorists have been warned of major disruption as roadworks begin on the M8.
A government scheme to encourage parents to attend parenting classes cost £1,000 per parent, figures have revealed.
Police have released a description of a man who robbed a 101-year-old woman in Hackney.
McDonald's has extended its sponsorship deal with the International Olympic Committee (IOC) until 2020.
A tattoo artist who secretly filmed his clients has been jailed for 18 months.
At least three people are in serious condition after 20 people were injured after turbulence on a China Eastern Airlines flight from Paris to China.
More than 100 jobs have been lost at a steel fabrication company in Newport.
Hong Kong beat Scotland by five runs in a rain-affected T20 match in Hong Kong.
A 12-year-old boy has been jailed for raping two teenage girls.
Snap has priced its initial public offering at $17 a share, above the expected range of $14 to $16.
Up to 111 patients may have missed hospital appointments because of an error with a new referral system, a trust has said.
A book returned to a library in County Meath after 82 years overdue has generated a lot of interest.
Russia has warned that sending 250 US soldiers to train Ukrainian troops in western Ukraine could destabilise the situation.
Protests have been held against a tree-felling programme in Sheffield which is set to continue for another 10 years.
A woman was trapped under a bus which crashed into a building in west London, injuring 11 people.
Storm Abigail, a 75mph storm, is battering the UK with gales and heavy rain.
India and Bangladesh have signed an agreement to swap enclaves that have been a source of tension between the two countries for 50 years.
Ulster have cancelled Arno Botha's move to the club with immediate effect from 1 July.
Indian mining billionaire Anil Agarwal is set to invest £1bn in Anglo American, the world's biggest mining company.
At least 19 bodies have been found in mass graves in Tripoli, believed to be those of pro-Gaddafi fighters.
The sale of one of Britain's largest stately homes, Wentworth Woodhouse, has been put on the market for £10m.
Ofcom has said it believes the proposed merger of O2 and Three should not be approved.
A special episode of Goodness Gracious Me is to be broadcast as part of BBC Two's 20th anniversary celebrations.
Buns have been thrown from the roof of a county hall to mark the Queen's 90th birthday.
The NHS needs another £2bn to avoid a financial crisis next year, a leading health think-tank has warned.
Africa has reached a milestone of two years without a case of wild polio, 26 years after the continent launched a campaign to eradicate the disease.
Formula 1 has reached agreement with the governing body, the FIA, on a new commercial deal for the sport.
Kenya's Mary Keitany won the New York City Marathon for the third time to equal the record of three wins.
John Menzies is set to pay £162m to acquire US-based aviation services company Asig.
Customs officials have seized more than £1m worth of gold that is being auctioned off.
The value of country sports tourism in Scotland is expected to increase by more than a third by 2020, the rural economy secretary has said.
The personal data of more than one million O2 customers is being sold online, the BBC has learned.
A mother-of-13 is set to become a grandmother for the first time.
The media in Tunisia was tightly controlled under former president Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali, ousted in 2011.
Police Scotland has confirmed that 60 police stations in Scotland will close their public counters.
Former Olympic gymnast Louis Smith has won the Christmas special of Strictly Come Dancing series 13.
A steel tube manufacturer has been sold, saving 333 jobs in the West Midlands.
A conman who conned Mercedes-Benz out of £1m by pretending to be a senior executive has been jailed for four years.
Team bosses have given a positive reaction to the new ownership of Formula 1 by US media company Liberty.
The BBC's 100 Women season is under way, featuring inspirational stories about women around the world.
A man has been charged with murdering a 21-year-old woman who was found dead at a hotel.
Former England goalkeeper Peter Shilton has urged Wayne Rooney to retire from international football after Euro 2016.
A message in a bottle dropped in the sea in Sweden has travelled 6,000 miles to Panama after 22 years.
A man has died after being struck by a car on the A78 in East Renfrewshire.
Aneurin Donald says he is not worried about safety concerns ahead of the Under-19 World Cup in Bangladesh.
Chinese technology firm Lenovo has reported a 23% rise in net profit for the second quarter.
Southampton beat Manchester United to win a club record 10th Premier League game of the season.
Couples have told of their heartbreak after losing thousands of pounds when a wedding venue suddenly closed with £5,500 in debts.
President Trump has said he is "very thankful" to Russian President Vladimir Putin for ordering 755 Russian diplomats to leave the US.
A man who attacked a 14-year-old girl in Rochdale has been described as having "teeth behind his teeth".
Derby County have appointed former England U17 manager John Peacock as their new first-team coach.
The number of people using public transport in Scotland has fallen in the last decade, according to a new transport strategy.
A memorial to 108 men killed in a World War One explosion in 1916 has been listed by Historic England.
The creator of the image-sharing site 4chan's "random" board is leaving the company to join Google.
Up to 100 schools in London could face closure due to funding cuts, a think tank has warned.
Nico Rosberg has been penalised for receiving illegal help from his team in the Monaco Grand Prix.
Microsoft has announced the release date for Windows 10, the next version of its operating system.
Austria plans to introduce a complete ban on smoking in restaurants, cafes and bars from 2018.
University applications have fallen for the first time since 2012, when fees were last increased.
A "major find" of Roman glass dishes made in the 2nd Century has been unearthed in Hertfordshire.
A major search operation is under way for a 25-year-old doctor who went missing from her home in Devon.
The UK housebuilding sector experienced its biggest quarterly fall in the final three months of 2014, official figures show.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has missed BBC One's Question Time after getting stuck in traffic.
Nicole Kidman says she is still passionate about her career at the age of 50.
At least 100 people have been injured in a New York subway crash, officials say.
People should be made to vote at 16 to tackle political inequality, a think tank has said.
The British woman who survived a murder attempt in Australia 15 years ago has returned to the scene of the crime.
The Liberal Democrats have suffered their heaviest losses in Liverpool for 50 years.
Shares of Australian companies were up more than 20% on Monday, with mining stocks leading the way.
Two boys whose parents were on board the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 have been awarded compensation.
A veteran has been presented with a medal 70 years overdue for his service on the Arctic convoys.
More than 230 million people have had their personal information leaked online, a security expert has said.
Former Birmingham City manager Harry Goodwin has died at the age of 81.
US musician Arthur Smith, who had a hit with Guitar Boogie in 1948, has died aged 93.
The job of the chief constable of Northamptonshire Police will be advertised on 1 June in "ploddledegook", it has been revealed.
A 3ft snake has been found in a kitchen drawer after escaping from a flat in Edinburgh.
Two soldiers from the 1st Battalion Irish Guards have been killed in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has said.
A cat that travelled more than 100 miles in the back of a van has been found by a kind-hearted motorist.
(Close): Shares of Walt Disney fell 7% after the company reported lower-than-expected subscriber numbers for its sports channel ESPN.
Former Nicaraguan leader Tomas Borge has died at the age of 89.
A road, two bridges and other structures have been uncovered in a loch created 60 years ago.
More than 20 children were rescued from a bus that became stuck in flood water on the way to school.
Formula 1 world champion Lewis Hamilton has been investigated by New Zealand police over an incident in 2016.
Great Britain captain Helen Housby has been ruled out of the 2018 World Cup in London because of a knee injury.
The mother of a woman who disappeared 21 years ago has said she is hopeful of finding out what happened to her daughter.
A woman who continued to claim her mother's pensions for 22 years after her death has admitted fraud.
Improvements to tackle a notorious hairpin bend on the A9 in Caithness are to be outlined in a public exhibition.
Brazil's Senate has approved a measure to cap spending for the next 20 years.
West Brom have rejected a £15m offer from Tottenham Hotspur for striker Saido Berahino.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a missing Met Police officer who had been married for 20 years.
Britain's top triathletes Jess Stimpson and Helen Jenkins will compete for an Olympic place at the World Triathlon Series event in Abu Dhab
GCHQ is looking to recruit 100 students for its summer schools, which it says will help to address the UK's cybersecurity skills gap.
Ivory Coast have increased their budget for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations by more than 10%.
A fire service in the north east has said it needs to save £2m over the next three years.
Poems by JRR Tolkien have been discovered in a school magazine 79 years ago.
A beer boom in Wales is gathering pace 25 years after the last one, according to industry experts.
Medication does not extend life expectancy for older patients with type-2 diabetes, researchers have found.
Tyson Fury has been named Ring magazine's fighter of the year for 2015.
Oil services company Wood Group has reported a 39% drop in profits in the first half of the year.
Flintshire council is holding a series of public meetings to discuss how it can save £28m over the next year.
Steven Adams is 7ft tall, but he is becoming a giant of the NBA.
HP has cancelled orders for laptops after offering a 99% discount due to a pricing error.
A man has been arrested after a knife attack in a supermarket in the German city of Hamburg that left 126 people injured.
Boris Johnson has been criticised for repeating a claim about the amount of money Britain sends to the EU that has been described as "potentially misleading".
A crane collapse at the Grand Mosque in Mecca has killed at least 107 people, Saudi officials say.
The Aberdeen bypass will cost £300m more than expected due to delays and inflation, the Scottish government has said.
A £1m fund to help police officers suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) has been launched.
An inmate who has been on the run for 32 years has been captured in the US state of Arkansas.
Over 100 foreigners have been arrested in Malaysia on suspicion of having links to terror groups, police say.
The States of Guernsey will write off £25m of debt for the airline, which has been loss-making for more than a decade.
Former world heavyweight champion Frank Bruno has been advised not to return to the ring at the age of 54.
Leicester City are crowned Premier League champions at 5000-1, the longest odds against which a top-flight team has won the title.
Australia have named an unchanged team to face England in their Rugby World Cup match on Saturday, 18 September.
Personal details of 100 vulnerable adults were posted online by Gloucestershire County Council in an error.
A famous tigress of India, known as Machli, has died at the age of 20.
Hibernian have signed former Celtic winger Kris Commons on a 30-day loan until 1 January.
More than 700 potential victims of child sexual abuse in football clubs across England, Wales and Northern Ireland have come forward, police have said.
A £100 fine for littering from a car will be introduced in London from next month.
A former Auschwitz guard has died at the age of 91, just days before his trial was due to begin.
A charity has warned that children and pets could be at risk after nine councils in Wales stopped providing a free pest control service.
Tottenham maintained their unbeaten record in the Europa League round of 32 as they drew with Fiorentina.
The Harrogate International Festivals is launching an appeal to mark its 50th anniversary.
Blackpool's Central and South Piers have been sold for £1.5m.
A service has been held to remember the 21 people killed in IRA pub bombings in Birmingham.
A woman who died in a crash on the A96 near Elgin has been named as a tourist from Brazil.
At least 13 people have died in wildfires in Tennessee, officials say.
Ten beacons were lit in Wales as the nation joined the rest of the UK in celebrating the Queen's birthday.
Durham beat Leicestershire by 11 runs in their One-Day Cup match at Chester-le-Street.
A Turkish journalist named in an arrest warrant issued by a prosecutor in Ankara says he will not turn himself in.
An iconic Tokyo hotel will close permanently in 2015, its management has announced.
The Duchess of Cambridge has returned to London after a 12-hour visit to Luxembourg.
The RAF has unveiled a commemorative Typhoon jet to mark the 75th anniversary of the Battle of Britain.
A group of 10 major oil and gas companies have pledged to help tackle climate change.
Two men who stole £800 from a sex shop have been given suspended jail terms.
Events have been held in Wales to mark the 70th anniversary of VJ Day.
Durham beat Lancashire by an innings and 154 runs to move up to second in Division One.
Work on a Â£10m railway station in Derbyshire is set to start after a delay of more than a year.
A former pastor has been convicted of genocide in Rwanda in 1994 and sentenced to life in prison.
Revenue Scotland has collected £572m in tax revenue in its first year of operation.
A Labour MP has claimed that air pollution in London is worse than in Beijing - a statement that has been widely shared on social media.
Infrastructure projects worth £16m are to be carried out in Hull ahead of the city hosting the UK City of Culture in 2017.
A county council has said it wants to hand over a 17th Century Staffordshire stately home to the National Trust.
A historic bridge which is 300 years old is to be celebrated with a series of events.
A Russian Mi-28 attack helicopter has crashed during a military air show in Russia, killing one pilot.
The BBC has secured the rights to show live streams of every sport at the London 2012 Olympics on TV.
A new "smart motorway" has been introduced on the M6 in the West Midlands.
Police have arrested 19 men following the Old Firm derby at Celtic Park.
A coach driver has been hailed a hero after helping children escape when their school bus burst into flames on the M6.
Tube drivers will stage three 24-hour strikes in January, February and March.
Ian Bell has signed a new contract to remain at Edgbaston until the end of 2018.
US Senator Lindsey Graham has confirmed he is running for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination.
The infrastructure section of a Monmouthshire-based engineering firm is to close with the loss of 150 jobs.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says he cannot prepare his players for the pressure of a Euro 2016 penalty shoot-out.
The Venezuelan opposition leader Henrique Capriles has been banned from holding public office for 15 years.
Shares in Samsung Electronics in South Korea closed up 4%, while the broader market was flat.
Warwickshire have signed New Zealand World Cup final hero Grant Elliott as their overseas player for the T20 Blast.
The Prime Minister's cat Larry is "very popular" at Number 10, Downing Street has said.
Joe Ledley has been included in Wales' Euro 2016 squad despite missing Crystal Palace's FA Cup final win.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino has extended his contract with the club until 2019.
The Bank of England is planning to introduce a new plastic £5 note.
Parents in Kent are campaigning against a 25% increase in the cost of a school bus pass for teenagers.
Inver House Distillers has secured a £50m loan facility from the Bank of Scotland.
Swansea are in talks to sign Sergio Paloschi from Chievo for a fee of £16m.
Gregor Townsend will take over as Scotland coach in the summer of 2017.
French rider Mathieu Saiger set the fastest lap during the opening practice session for the 2016 Bennetts Senior TT.
Cel Spellman is to host a new weekly chart show on BBC Radio 1.
Nine pupils fell ill after eating sweets at school, prompting an emergency response.
A 14-year-old boy died after paramedics were allegedly told not to take him to the nearest hospital.
A former Labour MP has said he could oppose the HS2 rail project in his constituency.
The number of people killed or injured in fires in Scotland has fallen to its lowest level for more than 20 years.
The long-serving Ulster GAA secretary, Danny Murphy, has died aged 69.
John Robertson has been appointed manager of Inverness Caledonian Thistle for a second spell in charge of the Championship club.
A mountain of waste, enough to fill 10 lorries, has been dumped in a field.
West Ham will sell France international Dimitri Payet to Marseille for £25m.
Former TV-am presenter Mike Morris has died at the age of 65.
The roof of Cardiff's Principality Stadium will be closed for the 2017 Champions League final.
Water companies have gained £2bn over the past five years because of favourable conditions, the National Audit Office has said.
Gary Locke has been appointed as the new manager of St Mirren on a contract until the summer of 2017.
Liverpool City Council is set to invest £12m in a project to improve football pitches across the city.
Professional boxers could compete at the 2016 Olympics under new rules proposed by the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
The harvesting of apples in County Armagh has been taking place for 3,000 years.
Peaches Geldof and Robin Williams were among the top 10 most searched-for names in the UK in 2014.
Two golfers have scored holes-in-one at the same time on the same 135-yard hole.
A duke has been banned from driving after being caught by speed cameras driving at 100mph.
A 16-year-old boy has been stabbed to death at an Aberdeen school.
Former New Zealand international Sione Lauaki has died at the age of 34.
Police have arrested six people on suspicion of terrorism in a series of raids in London.
Warren Joyce has been sacked as Wolverhampton Wanderers manager after just 94 days in charge.
A 15-year-old girl who was allegedly raped in Chicago was the victim of a live-streamed attack on Facebook, police say.
Police in four countries have arrested 20 people they say are Anonymous activists.
Scientists have identified 37 viruses that could cause a global pandemic.
A couple who won £148m in the Euromillions lottery are to be revealed at a press conference later.
Up to 50 jobs are at risk at a quarry in Argyll, the GMB union has said.
Facebook, Google and Twitter have agreed to remove hate speech from their sites within 24 hours.
Northamptonshire captain James Franklin will miss the entire Group 1 campaign of the T20 Blast because of a shoulder injury.
Cameron Donald and Gary Johnson have been signed to ride for the Norton Motorcycles team at the 2017 Isle of Man TT races.
An unfinished waterfront development in Ipswich could take up to 10 years to complete, administrators have said.
(Close): The FTSE 100 was boosted by strong sales from Unilever.
The UK voted to leave the European Union on 23 June.
A former NHS chairman who fraudulently claimed he had a doctorate has been jailed for 18 months for a £1m fraud.
Paul di Resta will be a Formula 1 driver for Williams in 2017, the team have confirmed.
The family of a man murdered in west Belfast 31 years ago have met police in a bid to re-open the case.
A 12-week-old dog has been kicked by burglars who broke into a house in the Black Country.
The companies chosen to build and run the £91m Bristol Arena have been announced.
Spain's unemployment rate fell to its lowest level in more than four years in the final quarter of 2015.
Principality Building Society has reported a drop in profits for 2015.
A 30-year-old man has been shot during an incident at a wedding in Londonderry.
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff has sold his remaining shares in the Williams Formula 1 team.
Chris Rogers has brought the curtain down on an 18-year career in cricket with a century in his final match.
More than 14 million children in the Middle East and North Africa are out of school because of the conflict in the region, says Unicef.
Diane Abbott says she suffered from type 2 diabetes during the general election campaign.
Boris Johnson has apologised for tackling a boy during a rugby game in Tokyo ahead of the 2015 Rugby World Cup.
A 3D-printed human body has been developed in a prototype that took 10 years to create.
Two Belgian police officers were arrested and questioned by French police after they were accused of helping 13 migrants.
A Northern Ireland couple who died while on holiday in South Africa have left a 10-month-old son orphaned.
Anti-depressants may be linked to type 2 diabetes, a study suggests.
The first of 1,140 new trains to be introduced on the Thameslink network have arrived in the UK.
Sean Lamont says he is "gutted" to be close to tying with Chris Paterson as Scotland's most capped player with 116 caps
Gordon Brown has claimed that 500,000 Irish people live in the UK.
The cost of holiday childcare in Wales has risen by 70% in the past year, according to a new report.
A lawyer who defrauded a train company out of thousands of pounds over more than 650 days has been given a suspended jail sentence.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended higher on Tuesday, helped by a rise in mining shares.
Glamorgan's Michael Hogan says his brother Tait is relishing the chance to face Yorkshire in the T20 Blast.
Gloucester Cathedral has announced plans for a £10m redevelopment of the site.
Striker Nile Ranger has been released from prison after serving 28 days for fraud.
Devon County Council will increase council tax for the first time in five years in 2015.
(Close): The S&P 500 index closed just below a record high, after a mixed session on Wall Street.
The Northern Ireland Executive has announced a £7m investment package for City of Derry Airport.
More than 6,000 private renters were evicted from their homes over the past year, according to new figures.
New fines for dropping litter will be introduced in 2016, the government has said.
A historic pear tree is to be felled as part of the HS2 rail project, after winning a national award.
A man who has worked on a remote Orkney island for 47 years has been honoured for his efforts.
Police in Honduras have found 14 young men kidnapped in the north of the country dead in a ravine.
A man who distributed and possessed indecent images of children has been jailed for 12 years.
Jordan Spieth carded a second round 63 to take the lead at the Tournament of Champions in Hawaii.
More than 2 million Raspberry Pi computers have been sold to date, the company behind the device has announced.
Tickets for a four-day event to celebrate the Queen's 90th birthday have sold out in less than five hours.
Scotland's David Drysdale finished second as Alex Romero won the European Masters with a final-round score of 65.
The A9 is being criticised for not being improved quickly enough.
The UK economy grew at its slowest pace for 19 months in the last quarter of 2015, according to a business group.
The 10th Inverness Film Festival will feature a number of foreign language films when it opens next month.
Netball and football coach Vicki Randall has been named the BBC Wales Unsung Hero 2016.
Aidy Boothroyd has been appointed as the new manager of the England Under-21s.
The search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 will focus on a new area, Australian officials say.
Wales fans have been left out in the cold after the Euro 2016 app was launched without their team.
Reading striker Hal Robson-Kanu says he is on course to be fit for Wales' Euro 2016 campaign.
The death of a 23-year-old woman murdered in Thailand was caused by severe head injuries, a coroner has ruled.
Ireland head coach Joe Schmidt is confident Johnny Sexton will be available to face Scotland in the Six Nations on 1 February.
A driving test examiner who leaked test details to friends and family has been sentenced to 240 hours of community service.
The Homeless World Cup has been hailed a success after being held in Glasgow for the first time in 2016.
Linfield moved top of the Premiership after coming from behind to beat Coleraine, who had 10 men for the final half-hour.
Labour MP Barry Sheerman has said he believes people should not be treated as adults until they are 18.
The pub made famous by the 1986 film Crocodile Dundee is up for sale.
David Dimbleby will host the BBC's election night programme for the final time on 8 June.
A South African woman with progeria, a rare genetic condition that accelerates ageing, has died at the age of 18.
Manchester United striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic is offering advice to youngsters at the age of 34.
Former Scotland manager Craig Brown believes Wales can surprise people at Euro 2016.
The man who broadcast on BBC Radio London's first show 50 years ago has said he still loves his job.
The German Grand Prix could be lost from the Formula 1 calendar, and that would be a great shame.
Four men have died and another is in hospital after a crash involving a coach carrying 50 people in Bedfordshire.
Plans to redevelop a site where a Brooks factory closed 16 years ago have been revealed.
The average mileage of cars and vans in England has dropped below 8,000 miles for the first time in 11 years, official figures show.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson has extended his contract to remain at the Championship club until 2019.
A 72-year-old man has died in a flat fire which also injured eight people.
McLaren have signed Lando Norris as a test driver after the British teenager impressed at the post-Hungarian Grand Prix test.
Clubs received payments totalling £100m for releasing players for Euro 2016, Uefa has confirmed.
Police investigating the murder of a woman 20 years ago have released a new image of a man they want to trace.
A 17-year-old high school football player has died after suffering a head injury during a game.
Drugs were rife in Scottish sport 43 years ago, a former Scottish athlete has claimed.
More than 180 personnel are to be transferred out of RAF Wittering in Stamford, the Ministry of Defence has announced.
A wedding dress lost by a dry cleaner 150 years ago has been returned to its owner.
A former soldier from Pembrokeshire has been given 28 days to leave the UK after his visa application was rejected.
Wasps rugby club has raised £20m by selling bonds to supporters.
Sir Nick Faldo has expressed an interest in competing in the 2014 Irish Open.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says he is looking forward to the "great games" in their 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign.
Karim Benzema's ban from the France squad for Euro 2016 has been partially lifted.
The Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI) is calling for people to respect Scotland's coastline from 2013.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by careless driving after a pedestrian was killed on the A27.
Channel 4 has stopped making its full-length shows available for free on YouTube.
The Royal Navy ship HMS Bulwark is searching for up to 1,000 people in the Mediterranean.
The Commonwealth Games are being celebrated in Glasgow in 2014.
One of Britain's best-known crime writers, Ruth Rendell, has died at the age of 85.
Welsh police forces spent £16m on overtime in the last financial year, according to figures obtained by BBC 5 Live.
England manager Roy Hodgson says he picked Marcus Rashford for Euro 2016 because he wanted an extra attacking option in his 23-man
Ian Baraclough has been appointed as the new manager of Northern Ireland's Under-21 team.
UTV Media has confirmed it is in talks to sell its TV business to ITV3.
Police have reopened the investigation into the murder of a woman who was beaten to death 29 years ago.
A couple who were married for 64 years have died within a day of each other.
Olympic taekwondo champion Jade Jones says she is in a "great place" to defend her title at Rio 2016.
The number of GPs in Northern Ireland has fallen by 15 over the past 11 years, according to a medical body.
Marks and Spencer chief executive Steve Rowe was paid a total of £1.4m last year, according to the company's annual report.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, helped by a rise in mining shares.
Adam Peaty won his second gold medal of the European Aquatics Championships with victory in the men's 100m breaststroke final.
Tributes have been paid to former Dundee United defender Frank Kopel who has died aged 68.
Phil Taylor won the PDC World Matchplay for the 16th time with a comfortable victory over Adrian Lewis in Blackpool.
Microsoft has changed the way it is trying to get Windows 7 users to upgrade to Windows 10.
Harlequins have signed Wales centre Jamie Roberts on a 36-month contract.
The founder of Megaupload, the file-sharing service shut down in 2012, has said he will relaunch it next year.
A 15-year-old girl who was found stabbed to death has been named by police.
Hibernian will begin their Scottish Championship campaign against Falkirk on Saturday, 6 August.
Fans of the original Action Man have gathered for the first time in 57 years to celebrate the iconic toy.
Banksy's latest work has been vandalised just days after it appeared in Bristol in 2015.
The Nigerian military has said it has killed 268 Boko Haram fighters in the past week.
Only 400 people have applied for loans to fund their apprenticeships, according to official figures.
Andy Rose's first goal for Coventry earned a vital win at 10-man Bradford.
Turkey will hold new parliamentary elections on 1 November, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has said.
A polymer £5 note has been nominated for the Bank Note of the Year award.
Worcestershire are set to lose their Championship squad leader John Hastings to Australia.
West Ham are close to signing Portugal midfielder Joao Mario from Inter Milan for about £40m.
Fly-tipping incidents in England have risen by 32% in a year, according to official figures.
Bank of Scotland has announced plans to close 23 branches across Scotland.
Grand Theft Auto 5 has been named the best game of 2013 at the Golden Joystick Awards.
A Romanian stowaway has survived a 2-hour flight from Vienna to London in the wheel compartment of a plane.
BP has lost its appeal against a US judge's decision to allow payments from a fund set up to compensate victims of the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil sp
A memorial to the 60 people who died in Tunisian terror attacks will be built in Birmingham.
The Mystery Plays are to return to York Minster for the first time in 16 years.
A Japanese space telescope that cost $200m has made its last observations before breaking up in orbit.
Apple has agreed to publish a clarification over claims it misled consumers about the capabilities of its iPad 3.
(Close) The S&P 500 index closed above 2,360 for the first time, helped by a rise in energy stocks.
More than 300 shotguns have been found on a truck in the port of Trieste, Italy, police say.
Survivors of the Buchenwald concentration camp have marked the 70th anniversary of its liberation.
The number of environmental activists killed around the world in 2014 was the highest on record, according to a new report.
Islamic State (IS) militants have killed at least 42 people in attacks on two villages in Syria's Hama province, activists say.
A 14-year-old boy has died after being injured during a rugby league game in West Yorkshire.
Cranes have bred in the West of England for the first time in more than 400 years.
Brazilian side Chapecoense have won their first game since the plane crash that killed 19 of their players 11 months ago.
The surviving family of those killed in the Malaysia Airlines flight crash have welcomed a new baby, 15 months after the plane came down.
The Thai military has ordered more than 200 people to report for questioning, as it continues to round up opponents.
Spider-Man will appear in a Marvel film in 2016, the two companies have announced.
Police have identified almost 7,000 people as potential victims of child sexual abuse in Leicestershire.
The inquests into the deaths of 21 people killed in the Birmingham pub bombings could be reopened.
Londoners are being urged to remember the victims of the 7 July bombings as the anniversary of the attacks is marked.
Up to 100 people have been left homeless after a fire at a tower block in west London.
The traditional face of the UK's electricity transmission network for the past 88 years is to be replaced.
A biscuit factory in Wirral is to close with the loss of 342 jobs.
A £100m tidal power project has been given the go-ahead by the landowner.
Two car bomb attacks in south-east Turkey have killed at least six people and wounded more than 200.
The UK's largest building society, Nationwide, has reported a 14% increase in mortgage lending.
Lou Pearlman, the former manager of the Backstreet Boys and NSync, has died aged 62.
The Iraqi men detained by British soldiers in Iraq in 2004 have launched a criminal claim against the UK government.
About 800 jobs will be cut as part of restructuring following the merger of Standard Life and Aberdeen Asset Management.
Ospreys rugby club made a profit for the first time in 2015, according to the club's annual accounts.
Police have arrested 20 people during a protest in London over the deaths of two black men in the US.
The most serious emergency calls in Wales were responded to within eight minutes in 75% of cases, according to new figures.
Exeter Chiefs lock Geoff Parling will join Super Rugby team Melbourne Rebels next season.
The third family member to die following a crash on the M9 has been named.
Bus drivers in West Yorkshire are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay.
The South East has several bellwether seats which are thought to be able to predict the outcome of the most unpredictable election for 45 years.
A power station which has been in operation for 47 years has closed its doors for the final time.
Singapore has reported 41 cases of the Zika virus, including the first local transmission of the mosquito-borne virus.
The funeral of one of the 13 people who died in the helicopter crash off Norway last month has been held in Aberdeenshire.
The Mexican government has agreed to follow a list of recommendations to find 43 students who disappeared in Guerrero state last year.
A medical diagnostics company in Renfrewshire has closed with the loss of 40 jobs.
Bath backs Jonathan Evans and Anthony Watson have signed contract extensions to keep both players at the club until 2019.
A suicide attacker has killed one person near a US military base in Afghanistan, officials say.
A 22-year-old musician has died after falling into the River Clyde in Inverness.
Northern Ireland fans can apply for tickets for the Euro 2016 qualifying play-off against Greece in October.
Former AC Milan and Barcelona midfielder Zvonimir Boban has pulled out of the Fifa presidential election on 26 February.
Taylor Swift has said she will not make her latest album 1989 available on Apple Music when it launches next week.
Renewable energy generation in Scotland increased by 45% in the first three months of 2012 compared to the same period in 2011
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended slightly higher despite a mixed performance from UK shares.
Chinese clubs will be required to pay 100% of a high-earning player's transfer fee into a government fund.
Police in Serbia have arrested 20 people on suspicion of corruption.
New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum has set the new record for the fastest Test century, reaching 100 off just 54 balls.
Michael Dunlop set the fastest laps of the 2015 TT races during a qualifying session on Wednesday.
The BBC will continue to show the ATP World Tour Finals until 2018 after agreeing a new deal with the men's tennis governing body.
Plans for a £100m expansion of Pinewood Studios have been approved by the government.
The World Anti-Doping Agency has published an updated list of banned substances, including the drug meldonium, which was added in 2015.
Shares in fashion retailer Ted Baker have jumped 10% after it reported strong sales growth.
A jealous ex-boyfriend who murdered a 44-year-old man in a "cowardly" attack has been jailed for life.
Glastonbury Festival will take a break in 2018, organisers have confirmed.
At least 30 people have been killed in clashes between Myanmar's military and ethnic rebels, officials say.
Wales fly-half Rhys Priestland has ended his four-month sabbatical from Bath.
Former Olympic runner Dr John Hill has celebrated 59 years of running every day.
Europe retained the 2016 Curtis Cup after a thrilling final day at Nairn Golf Club in Scotland.
Scientists have completed a 10-year project to reconstruct a human brain in microscopic detail.
Wolverhampton Wanderers striker Nouha Dicko has signed an 18-month contract extension with the Championship club.
A 14-year-old girl who died in the Manchester bomb attack has been named locally as Sorrell Leczkowski.
A campaign to save a 16th Century historic hall badly damaged by fire has been launched.
Countries in West Africa have agreed to work together to combat the Ebola outbreak, which has now spread to 15 countries.
The coroner overseeing the inquest into the Glenanne gang murders has said he will adjourn the hearing for up to six months.
The Philippines has held a memorial service for 44 police officers killed in a clash with Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF) rebels.
Boston has officially launched its bid to host the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Apple has reported a drop in iPhone sales of 10% in the first three months of the year.
Plans for a 400-mile undersea power cable between Scotland and Norway have been given the go-ahead by energy regulator Ofgem.
A road in Manchester will remain closed for up to 10 days after a sinkhole appeared.
The Bank of Scotland has unveiled its new polymer £10 note, which will be issued from 2017.
About 10% of people in the UK have never used the internet, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
More than 30 students have been sent home from lessons for not wearing the correct school uniform.
A 15-year-old boy who was stabbed outside his school in London has been murdered by another boy of the same age.
Honda has ended its engine development programme for the 2017 Formula 1 season.
Pay for top bosses has risen 50% compared to the average worker, according to the Trades Union Congress (TUC).
Wales manager Chris Coleman does not want to see a Team GB side competing at the 2020 Olympics.
Chelsea Manning, the former US soldier who leaked classified information, has thanked Barack Obama for cutting short her 28-year jail sentence.
Actor Stephen Fry has launched a campaign to save Soho from the impact of Crossrail 2.
Spike Lee and Werner Herzog are among the filmmakers premiering their work at the 32nd Sundance Film Festival.
The number of homeowners borrowing money to buy property reached its highest level since the financial crisis in 2015, according to the CML.
Brazilians are reacting with surprise to a ban on WhatsApp in the country that began on Thursday, lasting 48 hours.
Cricket Scotland have won the 2015 ICC Development Programme Award.
Banners showing 10 women in a kitchen and 10 men in a stadium have been displayed at a French Ligue 1 match.
The first Test between Australia and India in Adelaide will now start on 16 January.
Police have received 130 reports of child sexual abuse within Scottish football.
Former Dundee United and Scotland midfielder Paul Hartley is the favourite to replace Ian Baraclough as Motherwell manager.
At least 366 migrants have died when their boat sank off the coast of Libya, a photographer on a rescue ship has said.
Tyler Earls will be available to play for Ireland against New Zealand in Chicago on 5 November after a two-week suspension.
A fresh search has begun in County Donegal for a girl who went missing 34 years ago.
Sharp has unveiled a smartphone display that is a significant step forward in terms of pixel density.
Liverpool have signed French defender Mamadou Sakho and Portuguese defender Joao Carlos Teixeira Ilori for a combined £25m.
Two police officers were caught leaving work early or arriving late 126 times, a court has heard.
A couple from East Kilbride have won £1m on the lottery.
The Euro 2016 football final was the most-watched TV event of 2016, according to overnight ratings.
The death toll in the factory collapse in Bangladesh has risen to 610, police say.
The East Midlands Ambulance Service has overspent by £9m this financial year.
Australian police have arrested a 22-year-old man at Sydney Airport as he was about to board a flight to Turkey.
Campaigners have held a protest against a plan to build 150 homes which they say could threaten red squirrels.
A cargo plane has crashed in South Sudan, killing 29 people, officials say.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a teenager 30 years ago.
McLaren have signed British Formula 3 driver Lando Norris to join their young driver programme in 2016.
Eight elderly people were rescued from a fire at a care home, police have said.
A group of railway workers were lucky to escape injury when a 70mph train nearly hit them, a report has said.
Nyquist won the Kentucky Derby on 7 May to give trainer Doug O'Neill a second triumph in the race.
A 12-year-old boy has died at an international jamboree in Finland.
Shares in DFS Furniture have plunged after the company warned of a 21% drop in annual profits.
Former world heavyweight champion Frank Bruno is planning a comeback at the age of 55.
West Brom have accepted a club-record £15m bid from Liverpool for defender Mamadou Sakho.
US comedian and civil rights activist Dick Gregory has died at the age of 84.
Swiss voters have rejected a proposal to cap the salaries of chief executives at 12 times the wage of their lowest-paid staff.
A plane landed sideways at Manchester Airport on 30 November as high winds battered the UK.
A pharmacist who has been practicing for 20 years has been jailed for causing the death of a woman by giving her the wrong medication.
Abuse generated by the T20 Blast is "disgraceful" and "spoiling" the game, says Somerset all-rounder Peter Treg
Former England captain Michael Vaughan says Kevin Pietersen should be recalled to the England squad for the World Twenty20.
A service has been held in Hull to mark the 35th anniversary of the Falklands conflict.
A driver who killed a new mother in a crash while travelling at 80mph has been jailed for 10 years.
The son of Brazilian football legend Pele has been banned from all football-related activities for 10 years.
Police in the Indian state of Chhattisgarh say they have killed 20 Maoist rebels in a clash.
Leicester hooker Tom Youngs has expressed concerns over proposals to extend the Premiership Rugby season by two months.
Queen's University Belfast (QUB) has been ranked as the top university in the UK for the second year in a row in 2016.
The family of a man murdered 25 years ago have welcomed a police review of the case.
A bowler in Bangladesh conceded 38 runs in a single over as his side lost a cricket match by 10 wickets.
Crime on the railways in Wales has fallen by 11% in the past year, according to the British Transport Police.
The Thames Barrier has been closed 71 times this winter, a record for the flood defence.
ScotRail passengers with annual or monthly season tickets will receive a week's worth of free travel in 2017.
Matt Lucas is to return to Doctor Who for the sci-fi show's 10th series.
France defender Raphael Varane will miss Euro 2016 after injuring a thigh muscle in Real Madrid's Champions League semi-final win over Manchester
Delays in hip fracture surgery have caused more than 700 excess deaths, a study has found.
Ebbsfleet United's 11-game unbeaten run was ended by a Harry Pritchard goal for Maidenhead.
A man who raped three partners and threatened them with a knife has been jailed for 12 years.
Police were right to drive at 100mph to kill a dog that was running loose on a dual carriageway, a review has concluded.
Nottingham Forest striker Ben Brereton has signed a new contract to stay at the Championship club until 2021.
One of Australia's greatest athletes, Betty Cuthbert, has died aged 77.
More than 1,000 Bolivian soldiers have ended a protest after talks with the government.
(Close): The FTSE 100 is on track to record five consecutive days of gains, but shares in Capita continued to fall.
A colony of 100 water voles is being released into the wild in the Yorkshire Dales.
Northampton Saints' England Under-20 fly-half Harry Mallinder is one of 13 young players to sign professional contracts with the club.
Roger Federer has extended his contract to play in his home city of Basel until 2019.
Welsh actress Deddie Davies has died aged 75, her agents have confirmed.
A water company has received more than 1,000 complaints about the quality of the water supply in the Highlands.
Disney is set to receive $663m from the sale of its film studio Miramax.
Jonathan Rea beat Chaz Davies to win the opening race of the 2017 World Superbike season in Australia.
The number of visitors to Northern Ireland reached a record high in 2015, according to new figures.
The Ministry of Defence has dropped 58 legal cases against British troops in Iraq.
The world-first HPV vaccine developed in 1991 could eradicate cancers caused by the virus within 40 years.
A £10m government funding boost has been announced to protect the Ironbridge Gorge in Shropshire.
Just over a third of babies in Scotland are being breastfed at six to eight weeks old, according to new figures.
The 2015 World Cup starts on Saturday with a group game between New Zealand and Sri Lanka.
Flanker Alasdair Strokosch has been named in Scotland's squad for the Six Nations for the last time after being capped 40 times.
Council tax is set to rise by 3% in Stoke-on-Trent.
Adam "MCA" Yauch's former Beastie Boys bandmate John Berry has died at the age of 50.
Four weightlifters have been stripped of their medals from the 2012 London Olympics after retests of samples.
Brazilian prosecutors have charged 19 people with qualified homicide over the Samarco mine disaster which killed 19 people.
British Summer Time (BST) will start earlier in 2016 because the government has extended it by one month.
Police are searching for a man who went missing 25 years ago.
New data protection rules that will affect how companies handle personal information will come into force in 2018.
Flybe has reported losses of £40m for the past year, more than doubling from the previous year.
A search is under way for a missing 72-year-old DJ who has not been seen since he left his home in Bristol.
Transphobic hate crimes in London have risen by 25% in the past year, according to the Metropolitan Police.
British dressage stars Carl Hester and Charlotte Dujardin say the Rio 2016 Olympics will be the final competition for their horse Valegro.
Only one parking ticket has been issued in Hawick over the past year, it has emerged.
Libyan authorities have frozen a ban on women under the age of 60 travelling abroad without a male guardian.
Germany's Marcel Kittel has been forced to abandon the Tour de France on stage 17 after crashing.
Phil Simmons has been sacked as West Indies coach for the T20 format.
Disgraced entertainer Rolf Harris has been awarded £111,000 in legal aid to cover his travel costs to court.
The medals for the Rio 2016 Olympics and Paralympics have been unveiled.
A school which has been in operation for 290 years is to close.
Teleperformance is to create 300 jobs in Fermanagh.
Tyrone manager Mickey Harte's contract will be extended until the end of the 2016 season.
Chelsea have signed Leicester midfielder Danny Drinkwater for a fee of about £35m.
The number of children in north Wales who have been reported to police for sending sexually explicit images of themselves has risen by 600%.
Girls start to feel anxious about mathematics at the age of 15, a study has found.
North Lanarkshire Council has agreed to pay £50m to settle equal pay claims for thousands of women workers.
Inter Milan have sacked manager Frank de Boer after just 80 days in charge.
Mickey Rourke has returned to the ring for his first fight as a professional in 10 years.
The Tories have taken the seat in Swansea West in a by-election after being out of power there for more than 100 years.
A report into the £100m flood damage caused by Storm Desmond in Cumbria has been published.
New speed limit signs are to be installed on the M4 in south east Wales.
An exhibition marking the 30th anniversary of the miners' strike is to open later.
UK car production fell in October for the first time in 11 years, according to the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders.
Airbus shares have risen more than 4% after the European plane maker announced a strong third quarter.
Plymouth Argyle chairman Dave Groves says the club can now press ahead with its £30m stadium project.
Officials have been searching through ballot boxes in Glasgow after 10 suspect ballot papers were found.
The Lord Mayor of London's Show is celebrating its 800th anniversary with a parade through the streets of the capital.
The NHS is to investigate the circumstances surrounding the termination of a £800m contract in Cambridgeshire.
Carole King will make her UK return at the BBC Radio 2 concert at Hyde Park in July 2016.
Radio 1 is launching on BBC iPlayer 1.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefit in Northern Ireland has fallen for the first time in 28 months.
Glasgow Warriors back Peter Murchie has signed a contract extension to stay at Scotstoun until 2018.
The new £30m headquarters for S4C in Carmarthenshire will not be fully let until 2020, the Welsh Affairs committee has heard.
Chinese police have arrested more than 1,000 people suspected of smuggling ancient artefacts.
Scientists who have been studying the platypus for 20 years have discovered the animal produces a hormone that could help treat diabetes.
Bristol City have signed winger Callum O'Dowda from Oxford United for an initial £1m.
Former US President Jimmy Carter has been welcomed back to Newcastle 40 years after his first visit to the city.
Sadiq Khan has announced a two-year fares freeze on Transport for London (TfL) services.
England winger Chris Ashton has been suspended for 82 days for an eye gouge.
The A14 is to be upgraded and turned into a toll road.
Woking failed to win for the fifth game in a row as they drew with Gateshead at Kingfield.
Police investigating the disappearance of a teenager 20 years ago have said they are still treating it as a missing persons' inquiry.
Liverpool have turned down a third offer of about £114m from Barcelona for Philippe Coutinho.
The Anglican Bishop of Dunkeld and Perth has designed the last round £1 coin to be struck by the Royal Mint.
Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure has been named BBC African Footballer of the Year 2015 for a second time.
A prison which has been in operation for 150 years has closed its doors for the final time.
At least 15 people have been killed in a lorry crash in the Central African Republic, officials say.
A man who led a gang war in Birmingham has been jailed for 12 years.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone, 87, has been indicted by German prosecutors over a payment he made to a banker.
Super League leaders St Helens will face Catalans Dragons in the Challenge Cup semi-final on Sunday, 20 August.
Sally Conway won her first Olympic bronze medal with a victory at the Rio 2016 Games.
A supply teacher suspended without pay for 18 months for refusing to use a gay pride logo has reached a settlement with her employer.
US aerospace giant Boeing has reported a 25% increase in profits, helped by a surge in aircraft deliveries.
South Africa bowled Australia out for 130 in Hobart, with the tourists leading the second Test by 86 runs.
The writer of the first six Carry On films, Norman Hudis, has died aged 93.
The logo for the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo has been unveiled after a lengthy process to find a replacement.
At least 15 people have been killed in an attack on a hotel in the Somali capital, Mogadishu.
A 21-year-old British man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering two women in Hong Kong.
Chinese farmers have created 3D rice art fields for 2014, featuring images of dragons, turtles and other mythical creatures.
A cessation of hostilities in Syria is set to begin on 27 February, according to a draft agreement seen by the BBC.
A 17-year-old schoolgirl has become one of the youngest members of the Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI).
A team of scientists has grown 100 rare Japanese birch trees from seeds collected in the wild.
The four main parties in Wales have set out their stalls for the 5 May assembly elections.
St Johnstone are nine points above the relegation zone, says manager Tommy Wright.
The US-based Pro Rugby America has launched a legal challenge to the Pro12 league.
Minster Police constabulary has been given the power to arrest people for the first time in 88 years.
A public inquiry has been ordered into plans to demolish 280 terraced houses in Liverpool.
Tyler Alexander, a key figure in the history of McLaren, has died at the age of 80.
A Thai army general has been sentenced to 67 years in prison for human trafficking, after his arrest in 2015.
Two friends who have known each other for 10 years have celebrated the first anniversary of a kidney transplant.
A 17th birthday party is being held in memory of a girl who was murdered by her boyfriend.
Wales lock Luke Charteris is set to miss Racing 92's match against Grenoble on 12 March.
A former boxer who murdered a soldier in a town centre attack has been jailed for 25 years.
Gilles Peterson is to host a new show on BBC Radio 3, exploring the links between jazz and other genres of music.
A new exhibition at Newcastle's Discovery Museum celebrates the 14-day Hoppings funfair on Newcastle's Town Moor.
At least 10 people have been killed in a suicide attack in the Afghan capital, Kabul, officials say.
A new free trade area agreement has been signed by 26 countries in Africa.
A Cornish MP has tabled a motion in the House of Commons to delay the planned increase in VAT on 4 January.
BT has been forced to pay £300m to settle a dispute over the purchase of mobile network EE.
A silent film made 85 years ago is to be shown with a live beatboxed score.
Saudi Arabia has ordered 200 more black taxis for use in Riyadh.
The 2015 World Expo has opened in Milan, Italy, with a ceremony attended by the Pope and the Italian Prime Minister.
South Korea's spy agency tried to influence the outcome of the 2012 presidential election, an internal inquiry has found.
The Royal Regiment of Scotland has marked its 10th anniversary with a parade through Edinburgh.
Kate Winslet has revealed how she feels about being nominated for an Academy Award for 2016 film Steve Jobs.
The Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has announced plans to close 25 RBS branches in Scotland.
Novelist and poet Sarah Dunmore has died at the age of 63 after a short illness.
Police investigating the murder of a 60-year-old man in County Antrim have renewed their appeal for information.
Scottish butchers are preparing to export haggis to the US after a 45-year ban on imports was lifted.
Scientists have found a way to see in 3D with just one eye, 185 years after the invention of the stereoscope.
Sebastian Vettel has signed a new contract to stay with Ferrari until the end of 2020.
Five new railway stations are to be built with £13m of government funding, the Department for Transport has announced.
A £400m regeneration project for Swansea city centre has been unveiled.
A union representing managers on the London Underground has said it will join a 24-hour strike planned for next week.
A £5m railway station in Ceredigion could be built after plans were announced by the county council.
A Great Yarmouth-based marine services company has been sold to a Dutch marine services company for £100m.
Southampton have signed Chelsea midfielder Oriol Romeu for a fee of £4m.
The government has been accused of putting the public at risk by allowing 21 private companies to run the probation service in England and Wales.
Manchester United have signed Anthony Martial for £50m and he has not disappointed, says Gary Neville.
Villagers in East Yorkshire are marking the 950th anniversary of the Battle of Stamford Bridge.
The first oil has been produced from the Alder oil field, 40 years after it was discovered in the North Sea.
Scientists in Peru have used 3D technology to reconstruct the face of an ancient Peruvian woman who lived about 1,500 years ago.
Brian Quinn has come up with a pun for each of the 32 county names in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
Welsh cyclist Becky James has announced her retirement at the age of 26.
Daniel Ricciardo has ruled out moving to Ferrari next year, saying he will remain at Red Bull.
The NHS in England is to impose a 55% cap on agency spending in a bid to cut costs.
Peregrine falcons have nested in the town centre of Ipswich for the first time in nine years.
Vodafone has pulled out of a £4m sponsorship deal at West Ham's London Stadium.
Chancellor George Osborne will ask government departments to find £20bn of spending cuts, the BBC understands.
A 700-year-old gardens in Denbighshire is to be restored with the help of a lottery grant.
Plans for a £100m extension to Meadowhall shopping centre in Sheffield have been submitted.
Conservative MP Sir Paul Maude has announced he will not be standing in the 2020 general election.
At least 15 people have been killed in a fuel tanker explosion in north-west Pakistan, police say.
A woman who had Christmas presents stolen from her home has been given £930 to replace them.
The Scottish Conservatives have said they would spend £100m on Scotland's colleges if they win the election.
A man who has survived 30 years after a heart-lung transplant has been recognised by Guinness World Records.
Pro-Islamic State hackers who attacked French TV channel TV5 Monde were Russian, French media report.
Currys PC World has been told to stop using misleading claims about 4K TVs in adverts for the Euro 2016 football championship.
Up to 80 jobs could be lost at a Bernard Matthews factory in Lincolnshire.
BBC Radio 2's Steve O'Grady has paid tribute to his friend Cilla Black during the final hour of his two-hour Sunday show.
Women over the age of 30 are at greater risk of heart disease because of lack of exercise, a study suggests.
A 21-year-old man has been charged with the murder of a man who died after a fight on a caravan park.
A Sheffield councillor has resigned after 13 years as a councillor in the city.
A £30m redevelopment plan for Exeter's bus station has been approved by the city council.
Poachers in Kenya have killed 39 elephants in the single worst incident of ivory poaching recorded in the country.
The Greek parliament has approved a 2016 budget that includes deep spending cuts and tax increases.
British heptathlete Tasha Danvers has decided to compete in the seven-event competition at the London Olympics.
A 15-year-old girl has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in a street.
Lincolnshire Police has confirmed it plans to close its headquarters in Lincoln in 2019.
A hospital trust has apologised after sending out appointment letters to 850 patients with the wrong information leaflets.
The drummer for The Specials, John "Brad" Bradbury, has died aged 62.
Japanese football legend Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a new contract with Yokohoma FC at the age of 49.
The Northern Ireland health service is to get an extra £100m, the finance minister has announced.
A judge has ruled that the government was wrong to refuse planning permission for up to 100 homes in Newmarket.
Martyn Irvine has been named BBC Northern Ireland's Sports Personality of the Year 2013.
A suicide bomb attack on a military police station in south-east Turkey has injured at least 10 people, officials say.
A public inquiry has begun into a plan to build 450 homes on a site in Kent.
A 12-month review into the quality of life and care of older people in residential care in Wales has begun.
The UK government has not ruled out a reversal of a planned cut in funding for S4C, the Welsh language TV channel.
A tunnel at Glasgow Queen Street Station is to close for more than 16 weeks.
Australia has sent back 46 Vietnamese asylum seekers who tried to reach the country by boat, the government says.
Marc Marquez won the MotoGP San Marino Grand Prix at Misano to extend his lead at the top of the championship.
Red Bull have ruled out switching to Mercedes engines in 2015, as they try to find a new supplier for next season.
The Vunipola brothers have been playing rugby for 20 years, according to a former club official.
The world's oldest person, Emma Morano, has died in Italy at the age of 117.
Scarlets captain Matthew Owens says Racing 92 are the best team in Europe's Pro12.
Councils are to be offered £100m to help them return to weekly bin collections.
Sir Christopher Lee has released his final album, a collection of heavy metal covers, just weeks before his death at the age of 93.
Children with type 1 diabetes are being admitted to hospital in Wales at an increasing rate, a study has found.
A schoolgirl who suffered brain damage after a swimming trip has won a legal battle 15 years after the incident.
Radamel Falcao has been included in Chelsea's 25-man Premier League squad for the second half of the season.
The Grand National will be run by 40 horses after the ballot system reduced the field.
Actor Geoffrey Hughes, best known for his role in Coronation Street, has died at the age of 77.
The number of women diagnosed with lung cancer in Scotland has risen by 100% in the past 40 years, according to new figures.
Petrol and diesel prices have risen to their highest levels since early 2016, according to the RAC.
Lancashire beat Hampshire by an innings and 110 runs to move up to second in Division One.
Emergency services were called to a scene twice after a sculpture was mistaken for a drowned man.
Bromley's unbeaten start to the season came to an end as Solihull Moors held on for victory despite being reduced to 10 men.
The remains of up to 10 Quakers who were buried 300 years ago have been found in Brighton.
Paramedics had to use a defibrillator 17 times to save a man's life.
One person has been taken to hospital after a crash involving a petrol tanker on the M4.
An 11-year-old girl who had her bedroom ransacked by burglars has written a letter to the thieves.
A vitamin B3 could help the body fight off staph infections, a study suggests.
Suffolk's fire service needs to save £1m over the next three years, it has been announced.
One in 100 newborn babies in one region of England were born addicted to drugs, according to new figures.
Former Leinster and Clermont Auvergne forwards coach Jono Gibbes has been appointed as Ulster's new head coach for the Pro12
Great Britain's Ros Canter and Allstar B won team gold at the 2016 Rio Olympics.
Australia declared on 176-1 against the West Indies in the third Test in Sydney to set up a draw.
A charity which criticised Channel 4's Benefits Street has launched a self-defence kit to help other communities.
The general election will be held on 8 April, and the two biggest opposition parties are already at each other's throats.
New Zealander Joseph Parker will fight Cuba's Luis Ortiz for the WBO heavyweight title on 10 December.
More than 100 Jewish community centres in the US and Canada have received bomb threats, officials say.
The bodies of 43 students who went missing in Guerrero state were not incinerated, a report by a regional human rights body says.
A plan for 150 houses in the Cairngorms National Park has been refused planning permission.
Three people have been arrested after a mass brawl in Colchester involving up to 100 people.
Mexican Sergio Perez has signed to continue racing for Force India in 2017.
A 15-year-old girl has died after being pulled from the sea in North Tyneside.
The number of incidents of dogs worrying livestock in Scotland has risen by 56%, according to Police Scotland.
Liberal Democrat peer Lord Avebury has died aged 86, his family has announced.
Ivan Reitman, who directed the original Ghostbusters, has said he plans to produce a fifth Ghostbusters film.
A 27-year-old man has admitted killing his girlfriend in a hotel room.
(Close): The Dow Jones closed at a record high for the 12th consecutive session, as investors cheered President Donald Trump's executive actions.
A £5 coin has been minted to mark Prince George's first birthday.
The chief constable of Northumbria Police, Sue Sim, is to retire after 12 years in the role.
People in Cardiff have gathered to remember the 16 people who died in the Paris attacks.
The Bank of England's new polymer notes are nothing new to Northern Ireland.
A suspected tobacco factory in Birmingham has been raided and 10 people arrested.
ITV has commissioned a sixth series of Downton Abbey, consisting of eight episodes.
The winners of a 24-hour photography competition have been announced.
Glasgow's Burrell Collection is to re-open in 2020 after a £66m revamp.
Salmon have returned to a stream in the Yorkshire Dales for the first time since it was straightened 100 years ago.
Christopher Hogwood, the founder of the Academy of Ancient Music, has died at the age of 73.
Airbus has said it will build no more than 12 A380 superjumbos a year after 2020.
The government is making £15m available to boost the cultural life of towns and cities in the north of England.
The annual increase in UK house prices was the highest since 2004 in March, according to official figures.
More than 2,000 teaching assistants in County Durham are to have their contracts changed, the authority has said.
Singapore's Asian Civilisation Museum is returning a sculpture to India after it was discovered the artwork was stolen in 2001.
A 17-year-old girl has been shot dead in Pennsylvania, US, in what police are calling a "senseless and brutal act of violence".
The inquest into the deaths of 11 men in the Shoreham air disaster will not begin until next year, a coroner has said.
The Irish Open will be held at Ballyliffin in County Donegal in 2018.
A school has sent home 26 students after a norovirus outbreak.
An independent Zimbabwean radio station which has been broadcasting for 15 years has closed down.
Pakistan have been given clearance to take part in the 2016 World Twenty20 tournament in India.
Former Peterborough United manager Barry Fry has died at the age of 66.
Betty Churcher, the former director of the National Gallery of Australia, has died in Canberra aged 84.
More than 50 prisoners have escaped from a jail in Papua New Guinea, officials say.
The Mexican actor Ruben Aguirre, best known for his role in the children's TV series El Chavo del Ocho, has died aged 85.
Irish police have begun searching a site in Dublin for the remains of a man who disappeared 16 years ago.
The controversial double points rule for the final race of the Formula 1 season will be scrapped.
British Swimming performance director Michael Scott has resigned following a review of the sport's performance at the 2012 London Olympics.
(Close): The FTSE 100 was dragged lower by weak results from Standard Chartered.
Australian radio station Triple J has banned Taylor Swift's song Shake It Off from its annual Hottest 100 countdown.
Renault is considering quitting Formula 1 at the end of this year, according to the company's chairman.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day slightly lower, with pharmaceutical companies among the biggest fallers.
BBC Three will lose the rights to show Family Guy after two years, the corporation has confirmed.
Sir Paul McCartney and his wife Nancy Shevell top the 2015 Sunday Times Rich List for the first time.
Former drug smuggler Howard Marks has died at the age of 68.
A crash between a lorry and a coach in Germany has killed 18 people and injured many more in a fireball.
Israel's capital Jerusalem has postponed voting on 492 new homes in East Jerusalem.
A boy who raped and sexually assaulted five girls, including one as young as 12, has been jailed for four years.
A collection of medals awarded to a World War Two veteran in 1945 has been stolen from a house.
Eugene, Oregon, will host the 2021 World Athletics Championships, the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) has confirmed.
Traudl Junge, Adolf Hitler's secretary, has died at the age of 106.
At least 45 people have been killed in a car bomb attack in Baghdad, Iraqi officials say.
The Adcock pair will be aiming for a medal at the 2017 World Championships in Glasgow.
Russian police have arrested 11 suspected members of the Japanese doomsday cult Aum Shinrikyo, Russian news agencies report.
Germany's central bank has proposed pushing the retirement age up to 69 by 2060.
Police in North Dakota have arrested 141 people during an operation to clear the final section of the Dakota Access Pipeline.
A man who tried to rape a woman in a Canterbury park has been jailed for 12 years.
The Rugby Players' Association (RPA) has criticised plans to extend the Premiership Rugby season by two months.
More than 30 cars have been damaged in a series of vandalism incidents in north Edinburgh.
A scheme to get people cycling by providing 50 bicycles for free has failed to attract users.
A police investigation has been launched into the circumstances surrounding the death of a 50-year-old woman who died after being attacked by her brother.
Online supermarket Ocado has reported its first annual profit in 15 years.
Wales defender Chris Gunter says the current squad can end the nation's 57-year exile from major tournaments by qualifying for Euro 20
Lewis Hamilton says he is not worried about his poor start to the Formula 1 season.
A research project aimed at boosting the marine energy sector has been awarded £10m of European funding.
A 40-year-old man has been arrested by police on suspicion of terror offences in Crawley, West Sussex.
A former postman who raped a young girl in his flat has been jailed for 20 years for his crimes.
The word "binge-watch" has been named as the Collins Word of the Year 2015.
Great Britain will take a 54-strong squad to the World Rowing Championships in Sarasota-Bradenton.
A team of archaeologists and aviation historians have unearthed parts of a Spitfire fighter plane which crashed in County Monaghan 73 years ago.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong for a three-day visit to mark the 20th anniversary of the handover from British to Chinese rule.
Suicide bombings in Syria's capital Damascus and the city of Homs have killed at least 140 people, officials say.
Welsh councils have lost more than £1m due to a slump in global recycling markets, BBC Wales can reveal.
Hampshire and England leg-spinner Mason Crane has been called up as cover for Moeen Ali in England's one-day series against South Africa.
The £18bn Hinkley Point nuclear power project has been formally signed off by the UK and French governments.
The number of calls to a military helpline has risen by 90% in the last year, a charity has said.
The majority of people with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) will recover within 30 days without treatment, a defence expert says.
Cocaine production in Colombia has risen by 50% in a year, according to a new UN report.
At least 102 people have been killed in a stampede at a Hindu temple in the southern Indian state of Kerala, officials say.
A bridge which has been hidden under a road for 112 years has re-opened to the public.
The Duke of Cambridge and Prince Harry have visited a garden created in memory of Princess Diana on the 20th anniversary of her death.
Gillingham have signed Brighton midfielder Darren Crofts on loan until 31 March.
Jackie Collins, the British author of racy novels, has died at the age of 77.
Dr Tony Xia has completed his £136m takeover of Aston Villa, becoming the new owner of the Championship club.
The chairman of the trust that saved Cardigan Castle has resigned after 30 years of involvement with the site.
A head teacher at a school in Birmingham with 1,000 students has been suspended after a damning Ofsted report.
A severe weather warning has been issued for Wales as the remnants of Hurricane Gonzalo reach Britain.
Plans have been announced to build hundreds of homes on the site of a former home of Stoke City FC, which was demolished 26 years ago.
Claudia Winkleman is leaving BBC Radio 2's Friday Night Is Music Night after one series.
Highlights packages for football matches could be created automatically using new technology.
Australia beat India by 26 runs in the fourth one-day international in Canberra to move closer to a whitewash.
French rider Pierre Rolland won Stage 11 of the Giro d'Italia in the Italian Dolomites.
Shimon Peres, the former Israeli president and prime minister, has died at the age of 93.
A lifeboat station has been forced to suspend operations after 14 volunteer lifeboat crew members resigned in protest over the suspension of their colleague.
Atletico Madrid coach Diego Simeone has extended his contract to remain at the club until 2018.
Austria has announced it will accept 60% fewer refugees this year than it did in 2015.
Michel Platini's suspension from football will end on 10 October, according to the French Football Federation.
A judge has ruled that passengers are entitled to compensation for flights delayed by more than three hours.
It would take 28 years to clear leaves from the rail network in Wales, the Welsh Government's transport minister has been told.
Police are hunting 76 British fugitives in Spain, including a former soldier who killed a man with a single punch.
An MP has criticised plans for the redevelopment of Euston station for phase one of HS2.
Plans have been lodged for 700 student flats on a site close to Queen's University, Belfast.
The proposed M4 relief road could have an adverse effect on protected wetlands, a conservation body has warned.
The FA Cup second-round ties will be played on Saturday, 9 January.
Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea's proposed move to Real Madrid has hit a snag because of a transfer deadline technicality.
A collection of items from a Nottingham pram company, preserved for 15 years, has sold at auction for more than double its expected price.
The inventor of the Etch A Sketch, one of the most popular toys of the 20th century, has died aged 87.
Manchester United, Manchester City, Arsenal and Chelsea will discover their potential opponents for the Champions League last-16 when the draw is made on Monday.
A football club has played its first home game in Scarborough for 10 years.
A Lithuanian man has admitted being concerned in the importation of 50 weapons into the UK.
Mobile network provider EE is testing drones and balloons to provide 4G coverage in rural areas.
Scientists have discovered a 42 million-year-old fossilised berry.
A grandfather who murdered his 10-month-old baby girl has been jailed for life.
Roma captain Francesco Totti has extended his contract with the Italian club until 2016.
Ninety-one per cent of business leaders in Northern Ireland want to remain in the European Union, according to a survey.
Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara has retired from Test cricket after 15 years, ending his career with a first-ball duck.
A man has died while attempting to set a new national cycling record for a 91-year-old.
The 50th anniversary of the Leeds West Indian Carnival is to be celebrated with a series of events across the city.
Police are appealing for information after 12 cups and saucers were stolen from a stately home.
Police in Scotland are investigating an allegation of sexual abuse by the late Lord Janner in the 1970s.
South Korea's Samsung Electronics has reported a 1.6% drop in operating profit for three months to the end of December.
A 95-year-old man who called a radio show to talk about his loneliness after his wife went into a nursing home has been inundated with offers
A new vein of Blue John has been discovered in Derbyshire for the first time in more than 100 years.
A mother's boyfriend who murdered her 18-month-old son has been found guilty of murder.
A Northern Ireland-based construction group has reported a 20% decrease in turnover for 2012.
The brains of volunteers in their 60s show structural changes after taking up exercise, a study suggests.
Three people who were part of a people-smuggling gang that hid 20 people in the back of a lorry have been jailed.
The US safety regulator has closed its investigation into a fatal crash involving a Tesla Model S 70.
Shares in Google's parent company Alphabet have risen 7% after it reported a rise in first-quarter profits.
Coventry City came from behind to beat Millwall and dent the Lions' play-off hopes with 10 men.
Liverpool have appointed Sean O'Driscoll as their new first-team coach after his spell in charge of the England Under-19s.
The sister of a schoolgirl murdered 20 years ago has made an emotional appeal for information about her killer.
A new hospital in Bridgwater is to get almost £20m of government money.
Afghanistan beat Ireland by six wickets in the first of two Twenty20 internationals in India.
Blackburn have appointed former midfielder Darren Dunn as assistant manager on an 18-month contract.
A series of bombings in and around Baghdad has killed at least 14 people, Iraqi officials say.
Alfred Hitchcock sexually assaulted Tippi Hedren more than 50 years ago, the actress has claimed in her memoir.
At least 24 US military cadets were injured in an annual "pillow fight" at West Point, the US military academy.
A former footballer who served 64 years as a kitman at Oakwell stadium has been given a fitting send-off.
Mario Balotelli has completed his £19m move from Manchester City to AC Milan.
A new image-based sign-in system is being developed for Windows 8, according to Microsoft.
Attendances at Scottish Professional Football League games have increased by 12% on the previous season.
Italy coach Antonio Conte has appointed Gian Piero Ventura as his successor after Euro 2016.
The mother of murdered toddler James Bulger has said she will continue to campaign for the men who killed her son to remain in prison for another 20 years.
A driver caught speeding on the M8 motorway in North Lincolnshire has been reported to the courts.
A 70-year-old German man has been honoured by police for helping to catch a burglar.
Gareth Batty has signed a contract extension to remain as Surrey's captain until the end of the 2017 season.
British actor and Rada tutor Peter Johnson has died at the age of 81.
Harlow New Town is celebrating its 70th anniversary with a series of events.
A boy who stabbed a 16-year-old to death at school has been given an extended sentence.
Tennis star Venus Williams has been involved in a car crash that killed a 73-year-old man, police say.
England Women have named a 26-player squad for a training camp in Spain.
Kevin Pietersen smashed an unbeaten 100 in his second match for South African franchise Dolphins.
Hosting three Rugby World Cup games in Newcastle is estimated to have brought £43m into the city's economy.
More than 30 bearded dragons have been dumped at an animal sanctuary in Ceredigion.
Six projects have been selected to take part in a UK-India cultural exchange programme in 2017.
A new golf course in the Highlands could create up to 100 jobs, its developers have said.
Lancashire all-rounder Tom Smith has announced his retirement at the age of 32.
UK inflation rose at its fastest pace since November 2014, according to official figures.
Improvements to the A9 near Wick are set to be made after the publication of documents key to progressing the work.
Barra Airport in the Outer Hebrides is celebrating its 80th birthday.
A revised deal has been agreed to build a Garden Bridge in central London using £40m of public money.
Marcus Trescothick's double century was the highlight of a third day at Taunton that saw 39 wickets fall.
Cardiff Bay's cable car system could be operational by 2028, the city's business council has said.
Scientists have developed a new treatment that could cure type 1 diabetes.
The Catholic Church has declared a Dublin priest "Blessed" - the first Irish person to be given the title in more than 50 years.
Police in Italy have arrested at least 13 people in an anti-terrorism operation across Europe.
More than 100 bats have been found in Northern Ireland and are being nursed back to health.
Southampton City Council needs to save Â£30m over the next two years, it has been announced.
Church services are to be held in Wales to mark 26 years since the ordination of women priests.
A 38-year-old German woman has been raped in the northern Indian state of Himachal Pradesh, police say.
Raymond Aubrac, a key figure in the French Resistance during World War Two, has died aged 98.
Police in Nigeria have arrested 10 men for allegedly attending a gay wedding.
A college that went bust last year bought 25 season tickets to Manchester United matches, the BBC has learned.
James Anderson has broken Darren Gough's record for most one-day international wickets for England, taking his tally to 235.
Germany's economy grew by 1.9% in 2016, according to preliminary figures from the country's statistics office.
A Turkish F-16 fighter jet has crashed in southern Turkey, killing the pilot.
Lancashire Police needs to save almost £100m over the next four years, its chief constable has said.
A council has been ordered to pay £5m in damages for banning live animal exports from a Kent port.
Livingston extended their winning streak to 10 matches in League One by beating second-placed Airdrieonians.
Monty Python star Michael Palin will receive the Bafta Fellowship at the 2016 TV awards.
Krzysztof Kieslowski, one of Poland's most renowned film directors, has died aged 90.
Eric Monkman and Bobby Seagull are to present a new show on BBC Radio 4.
Barclays has reported a 30% drop in third-quarter profits after setting aside money to settle legal disputes.
A group of 10 students from Bournemouth University have made a discovery of an Iron Age settlement.
The US has charged seven Iranians with attacking US companies for two years.
At least 12 people have been killed in a US drone strike in north-west Pakistan, officials say.
Iran has sentenced a US citizen to 10 years in prison for "infiltration", the judiciary says.
The Welsh Government is considering not giving £6m of public money to a project to develop a creative industries hub in Carmarthen.
Tom Daley won silver in the 10m individual synchronised diving at the World Aquatics Championships in Kazan, Russia.
Northern Ireland striker Kyle Washington says he is still coming to terms with his fairytale rise from postman to international footballer after just six years.
A jockey has been banned from driving for 20 months after admitting drink-driving while sleepwalking.
The British Racing Drivers' Club (BRDC) has decided to continue running Silverstone 1 without selling it.
North Korea could be involved in the 2018 Winter Olympics in South Korea, according to the South's sports minister.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a schoolgirl in West Yorkshire 51 years ago.
A planned music concert in Dumfries for 2016 has been cancelled.
Glamorgan are looking to recruit overseas players for the 2017 season, according to chief executive Hugh Morris.
Bolivians have voted against a proposal to allow President Evo Morales to run for another term in office.
Hampshire secured a vital T20 Blast South Group victory over Glamorgan at the Rose Bowl.
A scheme to turn part of the M4 into a "smart motorway" is being considered by the government.
Plans to create 25 marine conservation zones have been scrapped by the Welsh government.
A murder investigator has claimed new evidence shows a Derbyshire woman was murdered in 1973.
A 20-year-old man has appeared in court charged with supplying drugs after the death of a woman in Devon.
Portugal has granted citizenship to the descendants of Jews expelled from its territory more than 500 years ago.
A 10-year-old boy was denied a seat on a flight because of overbooking, his family say.
Northern Irish teenagers are among the most satisfied with their lives, according to an international study in 2015.
England seamer Danielle Hazell has been ruled out of the World Twenty20 tournament in India with a back injury.
Welsh snowboarder Zoe Potter says she is aiming to qualify for the 2018 Winter Olympics.
The man who killed 77 people in attacks in Norway last year has complained that his prison conditions are "inhumane".
More than 10% of you correctly predicted the top three finishers in the British Grand Prix.
More than 100 people have died in floods in Indonesia's East Nusa Tenggara province, officials say.
A woman has told a court she was sexually assaulted by a family friend more than 40 years ago.
Nearly 90% of junior doctors in England are planning to strike, the British Medical Association says.
The Queen has thanked people for their birthday wishes as she turns 90.
Alliance Trust has announced a 20% reduction in costs, and a shake-up of its board.
A study predicts that 19 million people in China are at risk of drinking water contaminated with arsenic.
About 12 councillors have been arrested after chaining themselves to the railings outside Liverpool Town Hall.
Boeing has unveiled a new design for the overhead lockers on its 737 aircraft that will make them larger.
More than 300 Syrian refugees were housed in Wales by the end of last year, according to new figures.
The Liberal Democrat leader, Nick Clegg, made the claim in 2014.
A rail company paid £1.5m in compensation to passengers in the previous year, figures have revealed.
Barry Burke's move to RB Leipzig for £13m is a "massive step" for the player, says Nottingham Forest legend Andy McG
US Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas has asked a question for the first time in more than 10 years during oral arguments at the high court.
The Holyrood by-election to replace John Lamont as an MSP will be held on 4 May.
Mike Nesbitt has said he will step down as leader of the Ulster Unionist Party on 16 May.
The Xbox One X, the world's most powerful games console, will be released on 7 November.
SA Brain, the brewer, is to open 50 new coffee shops in the next three years.
Manchester City have signed defender Nicolas Otamendi from Valencia for a fee that could rise to £32m.
A murderer who killed a pensioner in his flat and hid his body in a wardrobe has been jailed for at least 13 years.
Manchester United have 18 players, says manager Jose Mourinho.
A 15-year-old girl hit by a car and left in the street has been discharged from hospital.
Up to 70 jobs are under threat at a Tannoy loudspeaker production facility in Coatbridge.
More than 100 former pupils of the Holy Cross Girls' Primary School in north Belfast have received compensation payments, it has been revealed.
The copyright on Adolf Hitler's book Mein Kampf will expire on 1 January 2016.
A military plane crash off the coast of Myanmar that killed 108 people was caused by pilot error, state media say.
Newsweek has announced its final edition, after 79 years in print.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after a crash on the M6 in Staffordshire.
Students from outside the UK and EU bring an annual economic benefit to Scotland of £257m, according to a new report.
A 29-year-old man was stabbed at a gig in Glasgow, police have said.
Uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against the Serbian and English football associations over the incident involving England's Under-21s with Serbia.
Housing and regeneration projects in south Wales have been given £20m of funding.
Global energy demand grew at its slowest rate since 2009, according to a new report from oil giant BP.
Nottinghamshire have re-signed Australia all-rounder Dan Christian for the 2017 T20 Blast.
Police investigating the murder of a schoolgirl 21 years ago have said they are "really excited" about a new DNA lead.
Tokyo's benchmark index fell after shares in Toshiba dropped 10%, hitting the tech giant's biggest shareholders.
Bodies of prisoners who died more than 200 years ago are being exposed on a remote island in the Thames Estuary.
A man who targeted a police helicopter with a laser pen on 28 November has been jailed.
Northern Ireland will host the 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games, the Commonwealth Games Federation has announced.
Footfall figures for the Scottish Borders for 2016 have been released by the Scottish Borders Council.
The first named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season has formed 15 days before the official start of the season.
England players could become the first professional sportsmen to earn more than £1m a year from 2016, says the Rugby Players' Association.
Tommy Steele has revealed how he discovered his record became the biggest-selling single of the 1960s.
A 27-year-old man was shot dead at a birthday party in Surrey, police have said.
A discount bus pass for young people in Wales will be extended until 2017, the Welsh Government has announced.
Paul Lawrie has revealed he will have surgery on his foot at the age of 45.
A remembrance event has been held in Cardiff to mark 100 years since the First World War.
American golfer Jason Bohn has been forced to withdraw from the Honda Classic after suffering a mild heart attack at the age of 41.
The price of oil fell by more than 6% on Monday, after OPEC refused to cut production.
A driver who led police on a high-speed chase reaching speeds of 120mph has been jailed.
At least 12 people have been killed in a gun battle between rival drug gangs in northern Mexico, officials say.
The Lion King has been inducted into the US National Film Registry for 2014.
At least 160 people have been killed in a church collapse in southern Nigeria, officials say.
Afghanistan beat Ireland by 110 runs in the first of five one-day internationals between the sides in India.
Wales striker Sam Vokes says they must win in Dublin on Friday, 12 March to boost their World Cup qualification hopes.
A 42-year-old man has been found dead in a flat in Paisley.
A Romanian man who hacked into the email accounts of prominent Americans has been sentenced to 26 months in jail.
Radio 1 DJ Chris Stark is to be awarded an honorary degree from the University of East Anglia (UEA).
Macau's casinos reported record gambling revenue in 2010, according to official figures.
Tata Steel has been ordered to pay more than £1m after admitting endangering workers at its plant in Scunthorpe.
The number of new distilleries opened in the UK over the past year has hit a record high of 53, according to a report.
London Luton Airport could be expanded to handle 30 million passengers a year, it has emerged.
A man who sexually assaulted a 12-year-old girl has been jailed.
Former Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has announced his retirement from football after a 26-year career.
Damage has been caused across Wales as gusts of wind reached 70mph.
Sales and rentals of 12 Years a Slave have seen a significant boost in the US following its best picture win at the Oscars 16 years ago
The number of people diagnosed with syphilis in London has risen by 140% in the past five years, figures have shown.
All commercial flights will be tracked by satellite following the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, the UN has said.
Former Wales and Lions scrum-half Mike Phillips will join Sale Sharks on 14 May.
A £10m hydroelectric scheme proposed for a beauty spot in north Wales has been withdrawn.
Ten drug dealers have been jailed for more than 100 years for their role in a conspiracy to bring heroin into Wales.
The first phase of a £100m Science Central development in Newcastle has been officially opened.
At least 18 people have been injured in a collision between two Amtrak trains in Oakland, California, officials say.
The number of people prosecuted for animal cruelty in Wales has risen by 20% in the past year, according to the RSPCA.
The NHS is failing to treat cancer patients within 62 days after they are referred by their GP, figures show.
The Football Association and English Football League are to donate almost £1m to the Grenfell Tower disaster appeal.
The Co-operative Group has reported its first half-year profit in 10 years.
The creator of India's Chandigarh Rock Garden, Nek Chand, has died at the age of 90.
Russian President Vladimir Putin is meeting German Chancellor Angela Merkel for the first time since 2014.
The 350th anniversary of the Great Fire of London is being marked with the release of commemorative stamps.
Prince Harry has made a one-day visit to Guyana, the fifth stop on his Caribbean tour.
Swansea City's honorary president has died at the age of 90.
Sheffield United have released 13 players at the end of their contracts.
A trial has begun in Argentina for five men accused of running a secret detention centre where more than 200 people died.
Police in Australia say they have identified 11 women from Melbourne who have tried to join Islamic State militants in the Middle East.
Retired Welsh firefighters who were short-changed on their pensions will receive a total of £5m.
The US has appointed its first ambassador to Cuba since the two countries severed diplomatic relations in 1961.
A man who killed his wife of 25 years in a fit of rage has been found not guilty of murder.
Cannabis farms discovered in England, Wales and Northern Ireland are projected to have reached 183 in the last year.
Hearts owner Ann Budge has said she is willing to invest up to £2m in the new main stand at Tynecastle.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says qualifying for the Europa League Round of 32 would be the biggest achievement of his career.
Former Arbroath manager Paul Sheerin has been appointed as Aberdeen's Under-20s manager on an 18-month contract.
Troy Polamalu has announced his retirement from American football at the age of 33.
Derby City Council has said it has £20m to spend on the design and construction of a new swimming pool.
UN investigators are preparing to name 200 suspects in a report on war crimes in Syria, the BBC understands.
Thousands of people have attended anti-water charges demonstrations across Ireland.
More than 390 trees and shrubs have been included in a new online database to help people choose the right plant for their garden.
Russia coach Leonid Slutsky will step down after Euro 2016.
Police investigating the disappearance of a six-year-old girl 66 years ago have found five "distinct areas of interest" in the search.
Children as old as 18 are checking their phones at night, leading to sleep problems, a survey suggests.
A Chinese chef who tried to kill a colleague with a meat cleaver has been jailed for 12 years.
A hospital has received more than 100 complaints about parking problems.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor Murray says the Warriors are aiming for a third successive Pro12 final appearance.
Saido Berahino has been given a 12-month driving ban for drink-driving.
Ecuador will hold a run-off election on 2 April after neither of the leading candidates secured a majority in the first round.
More than 700 US government employees' email addresses and passwords have been found online, according to a security firm.
British weightlifters will compete at the European Championships in Norway on 16 April in their bid to qualify for the Rio Olympics.
Players in youth games in the United States will be banned for 10 minutes if they head the ball more than once, according to new rules.
Aberdeen-based oil and gas technology company Proserv has won two contracts worth a total of £10m from Abu Dhabi's Taqa and an
Medical examiners have testified at the trial of the man accused of the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings.
The US has expressed concern about Afghan government plans to release 72 prisoners it says are dangerous insurgents.
The BBC has announced its presenters for the Rio 2016 Olympics, including Sir Matthew Pinsent and Dame Katherine Grainger.
A £20m manufacturing facility is being built in Angus.
A 44-tonne lorry has crashed into a house in Herefordshire.
Boyhood has been named the best film of 2014 by the New York Film Critics Circle.
A row over a £50m school campus in Gwynedd is set to be discussed by the council's cabinet.
Wales lock Bradley Roberts will play for Cambridge against Oxford in the Varsity match on 26 March.
The new version of the Land Rover Defender will be launched in 2015, the carmaker has confirmed.
A public baths in Reading which has been open for 100 years is to close.
Darren Stevens' unbeaten 101 gave Kent the upper hand against Essex after Sam Northeast's 56 was dismissed.
More than 100 police officers in Dyfed-Powys are to start wearing body cameras.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has primary victories in 11 states and is leading the way in Florida and Ohio ahead of crucial primaries.
A school in Hull has sent home more than 60 pupils for not wearing the correct uniform.
A US citizen has been sentenced to 15 years of hard labour in North Korea for "hostile acts" against the state.
Average speed cameras will be installed on the M8 as part of a major road improvement project.
A British man has been sentenced to 10 years in jail for possessing a tiny amount of cocaine in the United Arab Emirates.
The PGA Tour's doping policy might not be strict enough for the 2016 Olympics in Rio, says International Olympic Committee president Thomas Bach.
Footage has been released of the police raid that ended a 24-hour siege in Sydney last year.
A man has been jailed for 12 months for posting racist comments on Facebook about the death of a missing toddler.
Plans for a £100m retail development in Northamptonshire have been given the go-ahead.
Scotland has missed its annual climate change target for the second year running, according to new figures.
West Bromwich Albion have turned down a bid of £15m from Manchester City for Jonny Evans.
More than 1,000 youth workers in Wales are now required to register with a new body.
Insurance firm Royal Sun Alliance (RSA) is to close its office in Birmingham city centre with the loss of 190 jobs.
Gemma Arterton is in talks to star in a musical based on the 2010 film Made in Dagenham.
Two men who stole 115 sheep from farms across the north of England have been jailed.
The Grand Master of the Orange Order has said that a contentious parade in north Belfast on 12 July will be banned.
Fifa has asked Real Madrid to provide information on 51 players regarding their transfers.
Scott Sinclair and James McFadden have signed Hibernian on loan for 90 days, along with Scott Commons.
The BBC has extended its broadcasting rights for the Six Nations Championship until March 2017.
England and Scotland will wear poppies on their shirts when they play each other on 11 November to mark the centenary of World War One.
The Welsh Government will continue to fund a science discovery centre in Cardiff until 2021.
David Tennant and Billie Piper are returning for the 50th anniversary year of Doctor Who.
Brendon McCullum has been re-signed as Middlesex's T20 Blast captain for the summer.
(Close): Wall Street ended lower on Friday as investors took profits after a strong year for the market, with oil prices down 32% over the year.
Tesco is set to receive £100m for selling its Fresh & Easy business in the US to a consortium led by billionaire investor Ron Burkle
A wildlife rescue charity founded 20 years ago has received more than 100 calls about injured birds at a country park.
A community-owned pub in Oxfordshire has reopened after 100 years.
Anna Christian and Mel Lowther will compete at the 2017 European Road Championships in Denmark next month.
Police in Italy have arrested more than 100 people in an investigation into match-fixing in Italian football.
A prison has been criticised for a "marked deterioration" in some areas since an inspection 18 months ago.
Cheltenham Town came from behind to beat Forest Green and move back to the top of the National League.
A suggestion to name a £200m polar research ship "Boaty McBoatface" has topped an online poll.
A bubble tea chain has said it will pay trainees after complaints about a 40-hour unpaid training policy.
Detectives investigating phone hacking have arrested a 46-year-old man on suspicion of phone hacking.
A windmill is to produce its own flour for the first time in more than 200 years.
England's opening game of the 2013 Rugby League World Cup against Australia will be shown live on BBC Two.
A mosque in Florida that has been used as a polling station for six years has had a polling site moved from its premises.
At least 30 people have been killed in three suicide bombings in the southern Yemeni city of Aden, officials say.
Iran's President has congratulated the record number of women elected in the 2015 parliamentary elections.
A 50-year-old woman has lost her home in a fire and credits her son with saving her life.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teacher was stabbed at a school in Bradford.
At least 200 people have been killed by a landslide caused by heavy rains in Colombia, officials say.
Gwen Ifill, the first African-American woman to host a major US nightly news programme, has died at the age of 61.
UKIP is confident of winning seats at the 2016 assembly election, the party's Wales chairman has said.
European eels have been seen in a Norfolk river for the first time in 15 years.
A 61-year-old firefighter has been dismissed for falling asleep on duty.
Jenson Button has announced he will retire from Formula 1 racing after the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix on 26 November.
Former Home Secretary Lord Waddington has died aged 88, his family has announced.
Action camera maker GoPro has said it will cut 270 jobs as part of a restructuring of its business.
Houthi rebels in Yemen have freed the chief of staff of President Abdrabbuh Mansour Hadi after seven days in custody.
North Korea is holding local elections on Sunday, the first since the last parliamentary election in 2014.
Guy Martin says he is not giving up on the 2017 Isle of Man TT.
A plastic bag factory has closed with the loss of 40 jobs.
Consumer confidence has fallen sharply since the UK voted to leave the European Union on 24 June, according to a new survey.
Two men who killed a 17-year-old boy in a joyride crash have been jailed.
British archer Danielle Brown says she will not switch disciplines to try to make the Rio 2016 Paralympics.
Cardiff Blues maintained their 100% start to the Pro12 season with a hard-fought 22-17 win over Pau.
Edinburgh is to become the first Scottish city to introduce a 20mph speed limit across much of its road network.
There are 15 women leading their companies in the FTSE 100 index.
A 120-year-old Grade II-listed theatre in Burnley is to be sold at auction.
An 81-year-old woman who died in a house fire in Kilmarnock on Saturday night has been named as the victim of murder.
Edinburgh will host the finals of the European Champions Cup and Challenge Cup in 2017.
Tottenham have signed Spain striker Roberto Soldado from Valencia for a club record £26m.
A woman with learning disabilities is to be sterilised against her will after she gave birth to her sixth child.
The six teams shortlisted to rebuild an 18th Century stately home after a fire have been announced.
The closure of Nottingham's Victoria Station 50 years ago is being remembered in a series of exhibitions.
A Swansea man has been sent a postcard from Spain - 29 years after it was sent.
More roads in Manchester could be made 20mph zones after a review found they were not as effective as hoped.
A former IRA man who spent 38 years on the run has been jailed for six months for firearms offences.
Up to 76 jobs could be lost at Shrewsbury's largest college, it has been announced.
A US man has been exonerated and freed after spending 25 years in prison for a murder he did not commit.
Eight businesses have been fined for dumping waste in communal bins in Edinburgh.
The 83-year-old actor and president of the learning disabilities charity Mencap has called for a change in the law on assisted dying.
A former homeless alcoholic who spent 23 years on the streets has been honoured in the New Year's Honours list.
India beat Sri Lanka by 43 runs in the second Test in Colombo to go 2-0 up in the series.
The Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) has announced plans to invest £250m in improving tennis facilities across the UK.
BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game at the 2014 World Cup.
The UK's music industry recorded its highest revenue growth in a decade in 2016, according to the British Phonographic Industry (BPI).
Two men have died following a crash on the A713 in Dumfries and Galloway.
Fast bowler Boyd Rankin is to return to Ireland after switching to England in 2012.
The new structure for the 2014 English domestic season has been agreed by the England and Wales Cricket Board.
Leeds Rhinos say the damage caused by the floods to their training ground is likely to cost £1m.
At least 10 people have been killed in a fire at a textile factory in Bangladesh, officials say.
A painter who was shortlisted for the John Moores Painting Prize 25 years ago has won the prestigious award for the first time.
Long daytime naps are associated with an increased risk of type-2 diabetes, according to Japanese researchers.
A man who drove to Manchester to help people affected by the attack which killed 22 people has been praised by the victims he helped.
Police have said they found 16 petrol bombs in a house in Belfast.
A record 15 Scottish athletes have been selected for the GB athletics team for the Rio Olympics.
Police in western India have found 23 female foetuses buried in a field in the state of Maharashtra.
A man who made a hoax bomb threat which led to 27 patients being evacuated from a hospital has been jailed.
A quarter of the world's food is transported through vulnerable chokepoints, a new report has warned.
A portrait of a Gloucestershire shopkeeper has been found after 25 years missing.
British cyclist Katie Archibald could make her track return at the 2018 Commonwealth Games in Australia.
Waiting lists for autism assessments are to be tackled with £2m of additional funding.
A suicide bomber has killed at least 24 people at a football ceremony in Iraq, officials say.
Saudi Arabia has announced plans to develop its Red Sea coastline as a luxury tourism destination at a cost of £3.5bn.
A 16th Century historic hall has been badly damaged by a fire.
An Indian court has refused to allow two Italian marines accused of killing two Indian fishermen in 2012 to return home.
The death of Muhammad Ali has been trending on Twitter since the news was confirmed on Saturday morning.
A barracks in Brecon will close in 2024, the Ministry of Defence has announced.
Archaeologists have discovered a mass grave containing about 30 skeletons in Peterborough.
Featherstone Rovers reached the last eight of the Challenge Cup with a 34-16 win over Halifax.
The inquest into the Kingsmill massacre has been delayed for a second time because of a lack of coroners.
A team of engineers has stepped in to help recreate a vital component of a 1942 cipher machine used by the Nazis.
Matt Fitzpatrick carded a 65 to remain in contention at the SA Championship in South Africa.
Meet 11-year-old Carissa Yip, the youngest chess master in the US.
Roy Hodgson says Andy Carroll is not guaranteed a place in England's Euro 2016 squad.
Bob the Builder is getting a new voice and a new look 17 years after the original series first aired.
Zambian police have arrested more than 170 Chinese nationals for illegal mining activities, the country's police chief says.
Archaeologists have uncovered a "major finding" during excavations at the home of the Bishop of Durham.
Two contracts worth more than £5m have been approved for the Dundee Waterfront project.
The man suspected of killing two people in a shooting in Tel Aviv last week has been shot dead by police.
Online betting firm Paddy Power Betfair has reported a 11% increase in the number of active customers.
Women facing financial hardship at 60 have been let down by the government, MPs have said.
A £10m National Lottery boost has been awarded to a project to restore a historic building in Ceredigion.
Notts County chairman Alan Hardy has made more than 10 new appointments to the League Two club's senior management team.
A warning has been issued that the UK government could pull the plug on a £1bn tidal lagoon project in Swansea Bay.
The Coventry Festival of Motoring will not take place this year after funding cuts, organisers have said.
The first full trailer for the 24th James Bond film, Spectre, has been released.
Almost 400 jobs will be lost when a crisp factory in County Durham closes later this year, its owners have confirmed.
The Welsh Government is to provide £1m for a surfing lagoon in Conwy county.
Tom DeLonge has reportedly quit pop-punk band Blink 182.
Police are investigating a robbery at a cash delivery vehicle in Glasgow in which about £50,000 was stolen.
Former Wales striker Dean Saunders has joked he will not be able to watch the rest of Euro 2016 after parking his car at Birmingham Airport.
Wales lock Luke Charteris is set to join Premiership club Bath on a three-year deal.
Falkirk Council pension fund is to invest £30m in a new housing fund.
A Bangladeshi man has been reunited with his family after 25 years of separation.
The RSPCA and the Dublin Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (DSPCA) have seized 30 puppies in a joint operation.
The UK's butterfly species could be wiped out in the 21st Century by climate change, according to new research.
A phone line used to direct patients to the right medical care is at risk of compromising patient safety, a report has said.
A loan shark who was jailed for three years after being caught charging interest rates of up to 50% has had his jail term suspended after he repaid £1
Antonio Conte has been appointed as coach of the Italy national team for Euro 2016.
Shares in Coca-Cola fell 4% after the company reported a decline in profits.
A 92-year-old woman had her dream come true when George Clooney paid her a surprise visit.
More than 100 doctors, nurses and public health experts have signed a letter criticising the government's record on the NHS.
Remains of 16th Century defensive walls of Stirling Castle have been discovered.
Wrexham have appointed former player Dean Keates as their new manager on an 18-month contract.
The government has announced almost 2,000 extra training places for doctors in England.
The production of opium in Afghanistan reached a record high in 2017, according to the UN.
Clashes between rival forces near the Libyan capital, Tripoli, have left at least 140 people dead, officials say.
A charity has said 28,000 girls are married every day, and called for an end to the practice.
The M1 was closed in both directions for an emergency landing of a plane at East Midlands Airport.
Spotlight has been named best film at the 2015 New York Film Critics Circle awards.
Amit Gupta has been collecting matchbox labels for 25 years.
Lee McDonnell will defend his WBA world bantamweight title against Japan's Shohei Rosas on 9 April.
A pelican who was the longest-serving resident of a New Zealand zoo has died at the age of 42.
Gordie Howe, one of the greatest ice hockey players of all time, has died aged 88.
A US legal services firm is to create 97 new jobs in Belfast.
A woman who has been selling poppies for the Royal British Legion for more than 75 years has been left "devastated" by abuse.
Yorkshire are in talks to host a day-night Test match in 2017.
Plans to build 510 houses in an East Yorkshire village have been refused planning permission.
Charlton Athletic have appointed Jose Riga as their new head coach for a second spell in charge of 2014-15.
The US economy grew at its fastest pace in more than three years in 2014, according to the final estimate from the Commerce Department.
General Motors (GM) has decided to stop selling cars in India after 14 years, saying it will not be able to make a profit in the market.
At least 300 pilot whales have died after being stranded on a beach in New Zealand.
Liam Livingstone is included in a 15-man England squad for the first Twenty20 series against South Africa.
About 30 patients had to wait longer for surgery after complications arose from operations carried out in a mobile theatre.
A bus driver has been arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving after a crash with a lorry on the A34 in Oxfordshire.
Two councils have criticised proposed improvements to the A27 in West Sussex.
Stormont MLAs have voted against reducing the £90 parking fine.
Sonny West, a close friend and assistant of Elvis Presley, has died at the age of 80.
Hampshire batsman James Vince says he is excited to be part of the World Twenty20 tournament.
Abellio ScotRail has launched an unprecedented, nationwide recruitment drive to create up to 100 new train driver jobs.
People who took part in a study of 10,000 children in the 1950s are being contacted to take part in a new study.
Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli has retired from tennis after a career lasting just two months after her victory at the All England Club.
Formula 1 teams have been told they cannot revert to the old qualifying system for this season.
Southampton have signed Norwich winger Nathan Redmond for a fee of about £10m.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says Harry Kane is not for sale in the January transfer window in 2015.
A measles outbreak in south west Wales has spread to 32 schools,
A preferred bidder to take over the running of the 20th Century Perth Concert Hall could be named next week.
A 29-year-old man found dead in Glasgow is being treated as a murder.
A reunion has been held to mark 20 years since Ipswich Airport closed.
British soldiers spent just 53% of their time at the front during World War One, a study has found.
Conservative AMs have been disagreeing about whether they support the Welsh government's preferred route for an M4 relief road.
A former youth coach at Charlton Athletic sexually abused a boy in the 1980s, a man has alleged.
A 17-year-old man has died after being attacked at a birthday party in south-east London.
Ryan MacKenzie has qualified for the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow after switching allegiance to South Africa.